Each year, for 74 years, the Hunger Games have taken place, forcing 24 children from 12 districts (one boy and girl from each district) between the ages of 12-18 (who are chosen at the annual Reaping ceremonies) to kill each other as punishment for the rebellion initiated by District 13. This year seems no different for Katniss Everdeen, until her younger sister, Prim, is called to participate. She takes her sister's place as tribute to save her sister from certain death.

Katniss will do anything to survive, even if she may have to go against her own moral standards. But when a fellow tribute reveals his affection for her and another begins to act like and remind her of her sister, it becomes harder and harder to figure out how to survive without killing those closest to her.

Part One, The Tributes
The book opens with Gale Hawthorne and Katniss slipping away into the woods on the day of The Reaping, which is the only place where they feel safe enough to discuss The Capitol and other problems. Being poachers, they catch their loot of the day and go out to sell it at District 12's black market, The Hob, to Greasy Sae and other customers. Once the game is sold, Gale and Katniss go to Mayor Undersee's house to sell strawberries, an old favourite of the mayor's. When they knock on the door, Madge, the mayor's daughter, answers the door. After a petty argument between Gale and Madge ensues, Katniss returns home to prepare for the Reaping. Because the day of the Reaping is a solemn one, Katniss tries to cheer Prim up by commenting on her dress, a previous Reaping day outfit for Katniss (which is a little roomy on Prim), and says "tuck your tail in, little duck." This displays Katniss' love for her sister.

At the Reaping Ceremony, Prim is chosen as the girl tribute for District 12. Katniss, devastated and shocked, immediately volunteers for her twelve year old sister. This is seen as an almost unheard of occurrence as the last winner was almost 24 years ago. As the rest of the District stares in shocked silence, Katniss becomes the female tribute for her district. As an act of respect to a loved one, the entire district places the three fingers of their left hands to their lips and presses outward in a silent salute. Proceeding this, the next tribute, Peeta Mellark, is chosen. Katniss' mind reels as she remembers the one real interaction she had with him some time previous. She is distraught that he saved her life by tossing her the bread that day.

Katniss and Peeta are then taken into custody, being guarded, so they do not escape. Katniss and Peeta are permitted visitors, and Katniss has five. When her mother and Prim arrive, Katniss makes her mother promise not to "leave" Prim as she did when their father died in a tragic mine explosion, as she is confident she will not be returning home. She also promises Prim that she will try her hardest to win the Games. The baker, Peeta's father and often the person Katniss and Gale trade squirrels to, is the next to farewell Katniss. He promises to look out for Prim and "making sure she's eating." Her second to last visitor, Madge, is full of urgency and passion as she begs Katniss to take her mockingjay pin as her Tribute Token, a tradition Katniss hadn't even thought about until that point. Katniss hesitantly agrees. Finally, Gale is sent into the room. Their final meeting isn't long but Gale leaves her with "Remember I...." Katniss does not hear the rest because he is taken away.

After the visits from friends and family, they are rushed to the Tribute Train that will take them to the Capitol. When they arrive at the Capitol, they are immediately taken to the remake center to be readied for the Opening Ceremonies, where all the tributes ride through the City Circle in chariots that reflect their respective districts. When Katniss' prep team, Venia, Flavius, and Octavia, are finished with the basic alterations, Cinna, Katniss' stylist, comes to show Katniss her costume for the Ceremonies. He dresses her in a black unitard complimented by a headdress and cape. Katniss makes her way to the stables to find Peeta in the same outfit. They board their chariot and Cinna and Portia, Peeta's stylist, light their capes and headdresses using synthetic fire. Just as the chariot is about to take its turn, Cinna tells Katniss and Peeta to hold hands as they ride their way through the streets dazzling the people of the Capitol.

The chariots take them to the Training Center where they will stay until the day of the Games. Here, they train in the underground gym until the day of the Gamemaker's assessment. This is when each of the tribute's best skills are shown to get a training score that will ultimately decide whether a tribute receives sponsors. Katniss is last as tributes are called according to their district number and gender; males are the first to undertake their private sessions. As she enters, she can already tell that the Gamemakers are drunk and are not going to pay attention to her. Her first shooting attempt with the bow and arrow is unsuccessful as she is not used to the rigidness of the bowstring. However, she shoots several times in order to gain a feel of the new weapons and ends up hitting all her targets in a round of fantastic shooting. A few of the Gamemakers look impressed, but the majority of them are still caught up in their own conversations. In an act of defiance and anger, she shoots an apple out of the roasted pig's mouth on the Gamemakers' dining table, greatly shocking them. Later that night when the scores are displayed, Katniss gets 11 out of 12, the highest score of all the tributes.

The next day, the interviews take place and Cinna dresses Katniss in a stunning jeweled dress again depicting her as the girl on fire. During his interview, Peeta professes his love for Katniss to the entire nation of Panem, causing an immense sympathetic reaction to arise from the Capitol audience.

Part Two, The Games
This part of The Hunger Games chronicles most of the actual Games. The death, destruction, and chaos that surrounds the event is described within these chapters.

The Games begin with 11 of the 24 tributes dying on the first day at the highly anticipated bloodbath. When the Games begin, Katniss considers running for the already strung bow she notices quite close to the Cornucopia, but decides against it when she loses her momentum after a slight distraction from Peeta. She gets away quickly, after trying to grab as much as she can, getting into a minor tussle with a boy over a backpack which ends when the boy is knifed in the back by Clove. Katniss is almost killed at the Cornucopia when Clove aims a knife at her; she blocks it by using her backpack and earns a sturdy knife with a serrated edge. Over the next few days, Katniss moves further and further away from the Cornucopia, sleeping at high points of trees, though she is later slowed down by the lack of water. She nearly dies of thirst, and becomes desperate to the point where she begs Haymitch to get water for her by shouting into the empty air. When she receives no reply, she sees this as a sign, or a way of her mentor communicating to her that he is not sending her water because she is close to a source. She finds a small pond to drink from, stumbling into it while she thinks of camouflaging her bright orange backpack so it won't draw too much attention.

The next morning she is awoken by a wall of Gamemaker-created fire, including fireballs that are flung at her. She survives this, but suffers minor burns on her hands and a severe burn on her right calf. She goes to sleep and is woken by the sound of footsteps. Katniss is briefly chased by the Career pack, consisting of Glimmer, Marvel, Cato, Clove, the girl from District 4, and Peeta, and escapes up a tree. Cato tries to climb up after Katniss, but crashes to the ground because he is too heavy for the branches. Glimmer tries to shoot an arrow at Katniss, but misses every time. Katniss does not suffer any injuries from Glimmer. All of the Careers are too heavy to climb after her and settle to wait for her to come down after the suggestion is made by Peeta. During this time it is said that Haymitch sent Katniss a silver parachute that contained her first gift from a sponsor, a small container of burn cream that Katniss uses immediately to help relieve the pain. Rue then appears in a neighboring tree and silently points out the tracker jacker nest above Katniss. Katniss cuts it down with the knife she received from Clove and the tracker jackers attack the Careers, killing Glimmer and the girl from District 4. Seeing this as a chance, she takes the bow and arrow that Glimmer was able to get from the Cornucopia, but not before she is seen by Peeta who lets her escape, therefore getting him into trouble with Cato. The other Careers all get tracker jacker stings, as does Katniss, and take several days to recover.

When Katniss wakes up from the hallucinations caused by the tracker jacker venom, she proposes an alliance with Rue, who reminds her of Prim, in both size and demeanor. The two bond over several things, feeling comfortable with each other. Katniss and Rue then plan to destroy the Careers' food supply. Rue provides a distraction by setting 2 of the 3 fires that she and Katniss had prepared while Katniss checks out the Career pack's camp. She figures out that the food is protected by landmines, which were the mines they were standing on as they enter the arena. From this, she gathers that the boy from District 3 reactivated them. She watches on as Foxface darts to the area, skips around the mines and she takes some of the supplies. She later shoots a sack above the mines to spill apples onto the ground, setting off all of the mines. Nearly everything is destroyed and Katniss' left ear is blasted, leaving her somewhat blindsided.

Katniss goes to the woods, listening for Rue. Her four note melody rings out through the woods from mockingjays, but she suddenly cries out for Katniss. Knowing it's probably trouble, and possibly a trap, she runs through the trees to find Rue entangled in a mesh net, one arm sticking out for Katniss before a spear is thrown into her abdomen by Marvel. Katniss kills the boy instantly, sits down with Rue, and sings the Valley Song, one that many people refer to as Rue's Lullaby. She dies after Katniss finishes the song. Seeing Rue dead and angry that the Capitol enjoys watching innocent children die, Katniss grabs flowers and decorates Rue's corpse with them, hiding the wound and weaving them into her hair. After this, she gives Rue the same farewell gesture that was directed to her in District 12. Katniss thinks to herself that the Gamemakers will not permit much of this to be shown on TV as they could appear to be acts of rebellion defying the Capitol. She then takes Rue's and the dead boy's backpacks, knowing that Rue would have wanted her to have them. As she moves away from Rue and the hovercraft claiming her body, a parachute falls down from the sky to her, containing bread shaped like a crescent and dotted with seeds - a gift from District 11. It is speculated that the bread may have been intended for Rue but after her death, the citizens decided to give it to Katniss as she was Rue's ally. This gift is very significant, and it is acknowledged as the first gift given to a tribute by a district they didn't belong to. Later Claudius Templesmith announces that two tributes can win if they are from the same district. Momentarily forgetting the potential danger around her, Katniss calls out Peeta's name.

Part Three, The Victor
The conclusion of The Hunger Games. This part contains the end of The 74th Hunger Games and the aftermath leading up to the events in Catching Fire. After it's announced two tributes from the same district can win, Katniss finds Peeta camouflaged along the stream and is horrified by the condition he is in. In the act of saving Katniss, Peeta took a gruesome sword slash to the leg delivered by Cato that cut through the fabric of his pants all the way down to the bone of his left leg. Katniss attempts to heal Peeta, but is shocked when he develops blood poisoning from the sword cut. Claudius Templesmith then announces that there will be a feast, but not just any feast. Each district has to have one thing to win.... for District 12, something to treat Peeta's leg injury. Under the impression that Katniss promised she won't go to the feast, Peeta is quickly tricked by Katniss into "eating" the sleep syrup sent by Haymitch that could knock him out for a day, giving Katniss more than enough time to retrieve the medicine for Peeta at the feast. Foxface is the first to retrieve her backpack, running in so quickly Katniss loses her momentum. Katniss runs to retrieve hers, a bag small enough to fit her wrist labeled with a 12. As she runs from the scene, holding the medicine that would save Peeta, Clove throws a knife that she is able to deflect with her bow. However, the second knife Clove throws opens a gash above her eye. Clove tackles Katniss to the ground and goads her with Rue's death and her own slow, imminent one. Just as Clove is about to cut Katniss, Thresh, the remaining tribute from District 11, throws Clove away from her and demands whether Clove killed Rue. Clove denies this despite talking about it only a couple moments prior, but Thresh doesn't believe this and crushes her skull with a large rock, the cannon soon signifying her death. As Thresh turns to Katniss, she asks if he can make it quick, but Thresh spares her life for being Rue's ally and taking care of her while she was dying. Cato later runs to Clove's body, so Thresh lets Katniss run as he takes his backpack, and Cato's, from the table. Katniss runs back to their cave, injects the medicine into Peeta and blacks out.

Things happen after that with them either staying in their cave, resting and recovering, or hunting and foraging nearby. Thresh's cannon signifying his death fires while Peeta and Katniss are trapped in their cave due to the bad weather. Foxface is killed after she steals and eats nightlock berries that Peeta collected, not knowing that they were deadly.

On the final day of the games, the river that runs near their cave runs dry. They see this as a sign that the Gamemakers are gathering the three remaining tributes to the lake near the Cornucopia. This is where they find a frantic Cato running from giant Capitol muttations, human-like wolves who turn out to be in some form that resemble the dead tributes. The final showdown on top of the Cornicopia has Cato trying to use Peeta to stop Katniss from killing him. He ultimately fails as Katniss pierces his hand and falls down to the muttations below the Cornucopia. He does not die and is merely tortured continuously by the muttations because of his armor which most likely came from his district pack. Cato is severely wounded by the mutts and finally killed by Katniss with an arrow through the head. His cannon fires, and Katniss and Peeta are unsure why they are not being announced victors. Claudius Templesmith then announces that there can only be one victor, revoking the previously placed rule. As a way to defy the Gamemakers, Katniss introduces the idea of suicide with the nightlock berries to Peeta, in the hope that the Capitol would rather have 2 victors than none. Peeta agrees, and just as they are about to consume the berries, they are hastily declared the winners. However, the Capitol becomes angry with Katniss and claims she was sparking rebellion by "outsmarting" the Gamemakers and therefore defying the Capitol. When Haymitch tells Katniss this, she sees it as her job to reverse it to save the ones she loves so she layers the madly-in love act very thick in order to convince them that she did this for her future with Peeta. Upon going home, Peeta and Katniss start drifting apart when she tells him she knew when Haymitch would send her sponsorship gifts and survived most of the Games that way. Katniss' thoughts are in turmoil; she is conflicted about her feelings for Peeta and is incapable of sorting out what felt real and what didn't. Peeta offers his hand to Katniss, conveying his hurt by saying "One more time? For the audience?" She obliges, and the book ends with her dread of finally letting go of the boy who she feels is slowly slipping away from her.

Isabella "Bella" Marie Swan moves from sunny Phoenix, Arizona to rainy Forks, Washington to live with her father, Charlie, to allow her mother Renée to travel with her new husband, Phil Dwyer, who is a minor league baseball star. Even though Bella never had many friends in Phoenix, she quickly attracts attention at her new school in Forks, and is quickly befriended by several students. Much to her dismay, several boys in the school compete for shy Bella's attention.


When Bella sits next to Edward Cullen in biology class on her first day of school, Edward seems utterly repulsed. Edward is stunningly attractive, and inhumanly beautiful, yet he is an outsider too. He moves as far away from her as possible. He even attempts to change his schedule to avoid her, which leaves Bella completely puzzled about his attitude towards her. Shortly after he disappears for a while, Edward begins to talk to Bella, having seemingly forgotten their unfriendly first encounter. One day, Bella looks at Edward, who is far away, in the parking lot. Oblivious to her, a student (Tyler Crowley) had lost control of his vehicle, and it was rapidly progressing in her direction. Bella realizes this at the last moment, thinking she is dead. However, Edward appears and stops the oncoming car completely with one hand, leaving a dent, and shocking Bella with his speed and strength.

During a trip to La Push, Bella tricks a family friend, Jacob Black of the Quileute tribe, into telling her the local tribal legends and she finds out why, although the Cullens have lived in Forks for two years, they have never really been accepted by the townsfolk. Jacob mentions the Cullens, and says that most of the reservation believes that they are vampires, though he doesn't think so. During a trip to Port Angeles, Edward rescues her again, this time from a band of serial rapists and killers. Bella asks him if what Jacob said about his family is true. Edward admits that he and his family are vampires, but says that he and his family only drink animal blood to keep themselves from turning into the monsters that many other vampires are.


Edward and Bella's relationship grows over time, and they fall passionately in love. Their foremost problem is that to Edward, Bella's scent is a hundred times more potent than any other human's, making Edward struggle to resist his desire to kill her. However, despite this they manage to stay together safely for a time.


The seemingly perfect state of their relationship is thrown into chaos when another vampire coven sweeps into Forks and James, a tracker vampire, decides that he wants to hunt Bella for sport. Edward's family plan to distract the tracker by splitting up Bella and Edward, and Bella is sent to hide in a hotel in Phoenix. Bella then gets a phone call from James in which he says that he has her mother, and Bella is forced to give herself up to James at her old ballet studio. Upon meeting him, Bella discovers her mother wasn't at the dance studio and was safe all along. James attacks Bella, but Edward, along with the rest of the Cullen family, rescue Bella before James can kill her. To Edward's horror, Bella begins to feel like her hand is on fire; James had bitten her. The only thing that could be done to save her life was to suck the venom out. Edward is the only one who can do so as the others would find it too hard to finish. To his, and Bella's amazement he is able to stop after sucking the poison out.


James is subsequently ripped apart and burned by Emmett Cullen and Jasper Hale, Edward's brothers. Bella is then taken to a hospital in Phoenix, where she recovers from the attack. The story they choose to give Bella's parents is that she fell down two flights of stairs and through a window in a hotel, using her clumsiness to cover up for what really happened to her.

Once returning to Forks, Bella goes to the prom with Edward, where she expresses her desire to become a vampire, which Edward refuses to let happen. The book ends with neither of them refusing to budge, but as deeply in love as ever.


In Beatrice Prior's dystopian Chicago, society is divided into five factions, each dedicated to the cultivation of a particular virtue—Candor (the honest), Abnegation (the selfless), Dauntless (the brave), Amity (the peaceful), and Erudite (the intelligent). At the age of 16, teens are required to complete an aptitude test to define the faction they are most suited for. Beatrice discovers that she is Divergent, having an equal aptitude for more than a single faction (for her Erudite, Dauntless, and Abnegation; while most Divergent have only two aptitudes). The following day they must choose which faction they will devote their lives to - and "faction over blood" is taken very seriously. Beatrice must decide whether she wants to stay in the never-changing world of Abnegation - along with her family, while denying her true self - or if she wants to embrace who she is at heart. She chooses Dauntless, surprising everyone (even herself).

Dauntless initiation is highly competitive, and aimed at preparing initiates to eliminate cowardice. Beatrice renames herself upon arriving at the Dauntless compound, to “Tris”. She struggles to find out the truth of who her friends are, who she truly is at heart, and how she feels about her trainer, Four—and where, exactly, a romance with a sometimes fascinating, sometimes infuriating boy fits into the life she's chosen.

She’s got a deep secret, kept locked away to heed the warnings she’s heard that it may be the, literal, death of her. Tris discovers that tensions between factions are mounting, and they threaten to unravel her society–not merely a single faction. She finds that her closely guarded secret could help her to save her loved ones… but it also could destroy her.

Tris finds a grasp on reality, and looses it in the same moment - until she is forced to act.

One choice can transform you- or it can destroy you. But every choice has consequences, and as unrest surges in the factions all around her, Tris Prior must continue trying to save those she loves--and herself--while grappling with haunting questions of grief and forgiveness, identity and loyalty, politics and love. Tris's initiation day should have been marked by celebration and victory with her chosen faction; instead, the day ended with unspeakable horrors. War now looms as conflict between the factions and their ideologies grows. And in times of war, sides must be chosen, secrets will emerge, and choices will become even more irrevocable--and even more powerful. Transformed by her own decisions but also by haunting grief and guilt, radical new discoveries, and shifting relationships, Tris must fully embrace her Divergence, even if she does not know what she may lose by doing so.

After the attack on Abnegation, Amity is brought into the fray in a small way. They harbor Tris, Four, Caleb, Peter, Marcus, and other Abnegation refugees. Declaring that any factions may seek refuge there, as long as they maintain the peace. Tris overhears a conversation that has far-reaching consequences, with unknown amounts of truth as Marcus spews it. Dauntless is fractured, half of the members sided with Erudite (marked by a blue tie around their arms) while the other half remained loyal to Dauntless.

The Erudite and traitors arrive at Amity to search for the group and it’s pure chaos. Tris saves Peter’s life, and most split up in order to get away. Four, Tris, Caleb, and Susan hop onto the train but they’re not alone. They’re surrounded by factionless members, and taken to a factionless safe house. They learn that the factionless outnumber the factions, have many divergent people, and are planning to go to war with the Erudite.

Guilt weighs heavily on Tris throughout the novel, but is lessened a bit as the Candor inject her & Tobias with truth serum…only Tris can alter the outcome, she speaks the truth. Tensions rise between Tobias and Tris as she continually rushes into dangerous situations without forethought or planning. He’s afraid that she will die, and that’s the fear that has replaced his father in the fear landscape.

Factionless and Dauntless ally to destroy Erudite, Tris was not in favor of this but Four pressed forward without listening to her.. In the night, Tris is taken up to the roof of the Dauntless compound. There stands three Dauntless members, prepared to jump. Suddenly there’s a message, that this will happen every night until a single Divergent gives themselves over to Erudite.

Tris cannot allow this, she promises Four she won’t go, but she must. She endures weeks of torture, and is prepared to be executed until she sees those blue eyes, it’s Four he won’t live without her. She finds there’s a plan to rescue her in two weeks but Peter arrives shortly and they’ve changed the execution date. Resigned to her fate, alas Tris does not die, they escape from Erudite compound and find themselves back at Abnegation in Four’s family home.

Finally she must choose a route to take, Destroy Erudite, and all it has to offer the world, or ally with Marcus in search of information that Erudite wanted to keep secret and thereby betraying Tobias.

Tris Prior is shocked by the video released to the public at the end of the raid on Erudite headquarters. The video, released by Tobias Eaton, revealed the truth about the faction system and announced that the Divergent are needed outside the borders of the city. Factionless leader Evelyn Johnson appoints herself leader of the city. She begins forcing people to operate under her command and live as factionless citizens. Tension between the factionless and former faction members escalates, culminating in a deadly fight over the bowls used at the faction Choosing Ceremony. Tris questions Evelyn's motives and is kidnapped by the Allegiant - a rebel group determined to escape the city and reinstate their old way of life - who invite her to a meeting the following night. Meanwhile, Tris' brother Caleb is put on trial for his assistance under former Erudite leader Jeanine Matthews. Caleb's betrayal, still fresh in her mind, prevents Tris from completely reconciling with her brother, the only family she has left. On her way to the Allegiant meeting, Tobias informed Tris that Caleb was sentenced as a traitor and is to be executed in two weeks. The Allegiant, led by Cara and Johanna, tell her and the others at the meeting that they are planning to send a group outside the city to find out the truth about their existence and way of life. Tris volunteers to go on one condition: that Caleb is taken with them. Tobias and Zeke break Caleb out of his holding cell before they leave. Tobias, Tris, Christina, Cara, Uriah, Tori, Peter, and Caleb escape the city, during which Tori is killed. After a period of driving through the unknown, they are met by a woman named Zoe and Tobias' former initiate instructor, Amar, who was supposedly killed for being Divergent. Zoe and Amar take the group to the Bureau of Genetic Welfare, where they meet George, Tori's brother who was also a Divergent thought to be dead. Here, Tris and her friends learn the truth about their society: several generations ago, the government believed that society's problems resulted from people's bad genes. In an attempt to create a better society, they began to correct people's genes with disastrous results. To rectify its mistake, the government set up 'experiments', establishing isolated cities across the remains of the United States in the hopes of raising enough genetically pure (Divergent) individuals to fix the 'genetic damage' left in the wake of the Purity War.
Tris and Tobias, being two of the only Divergent who arrived, are tested by Matthew and Nita to verify and study their Divergence. While Tris is shown to be truly Divergent, Tobias' genetic structure indicates that his genes are still 'damaged'. Tobias is angered by this news and begins to believe that he is a damaged human being. Matthew then brings Tris to the leader of the Bureau, David, to find out the truth about her mother. Sympathizing with her longing, David gives Tris her mother's journal. Meanwhile, Tobias is secretly asked to join a rebellion, led by Nita, who is also genetically damaged. She tells him that the Bureau is lying when they say genetic damage is the cause of society's problems. She intends to demonstrate that the genetically pure are flawed as well. Tobias tells Tris about the plan, going against Nita's warning to keep it secret. Tris is skeptical about Nita's intentions, but Tobias accuses her of being jealous of Nita and agrees to help.
Shortly afterwards, Nita and her cohorts attack the compound, severely injuring Uriah in one of the explosions. Tris is able to save David and stop the attack, and Nita is thrown in prison for her crime. Tobias begs Tris to forgive him for his mistake and failing to protect Uriah, but Tris scolds him before storming away. Tris is offered a position on the Bureau's council and is informed of the events taking place within the city, including the Allegiant's preparations for war with Evelyn and the factionless. David is desperate to stop the violence and maintain the experiment and his life's work at the expense of destroying the personalities of everyone in the city. He decides to use the memory serum to wipe the memories of the people within the city, allowing the experiment to begin with a clean slate. Tris also learns that the Bureau created the serums that led to the destruction of Abnegation and the enslaving of the Dauntless. Repulsed by the Bureau's actions and David's decision, Tris reconciles with Tobias. With her friends, she begins to devise a plan to save her city and fix the Bureau's flawed ideals. The group decides to break into the Weapons Lab and use the memory serum to wipe the memories of the Bureau to prevent any further discrimination and twisted thinking based on 'genetic damage'. The Lab, however, is guarded by a fatal dose of the death serum, rendering it a suicide mission. Caleb volunteers for the role, and tearfully asks Tris if it will make her forgive him for everything he has done, to which Tris says yes. At the same time the memory serum is to be released, Tobias, Christina, Peter, and Amar plan to go into the city to inoculate their loved ones against the serum and tie up loose ends.
Christina is able to retrieve doses of the inoculation serum that will counteract the memory serum and instructs the group to inject themselves with it. Tobias notices that Peter only pretends to inject himself with the inoculation serum. Christina gives an extra vial of the memory serum to Tobias, for use against either Marcus (his dad) or Evelyn (his mom) in the hopes of bringing an end to the conflict in the city. Tobias decides to confront Evelyn. Taking Peter and the vial of memory serum, Tobias meets with his mother and gives her the option of drinking it, which will allow her to end the fighting, be born anew, and become his mother again. She embraces Tobias without taking the serum. They meet with Johanna and Marcus to iron out an end to the conflict. On the way out of Erudite headquarters, Peter laments about his bad behavior and violent tendencies which he knows will never change, and elects to take the memory serum to become a new person and forget his wrongdoings. Tobias gives Peter the serum, erasing his psyche for good.
At the Bureau, Caleb is ready to sacrifice himself, but he and Tris, who accompanied him, are ambushed by Bureau guards. Tris pulls her gun on Caleb and decides to carry out the mission instead of allowing Caleb to do so, knowing that Caleb volunteered out of guilt for his actions rather than out of love for Tris. She hopes that her resistance to serums will include the Death variant. However, since she does not know if she will survive, Tris tells Caleb that if she does not return, he is to tell Tobias she did not want to leave him.
Tris destroys the entrance to the Lab and is exposed to the death serum, but she survives. David reveals himself within the Lab and explains that her collusion with the genetically damaged did not go unnoticed. Determined to keep the order and remain steadfast to his beliefs, David shoots Tris, who lunges for the memory serum and releases it. After being shot by David, she sees her mother reach out for her and gladly accepts her embrace, succumbing to her wounds. Tris dies. Tobias, Peter, and Christina return to the compound and are informed of Tris' fate. Tobias is overcome with grief, sadness, and emptiness in the wake of Tris' death. Caleb gives him Tris' final message. Tobias is angered by the fact that Tris died for Caleb even after his betrayal. Before walking away, Caleb only replies that Tris loved him. Uriah is taken off life support - a decision made by Zeke and his mother - with Tobias still believing that Uriah's death was partially his fault. Tobias returns to his home in the old Abnegation sector and contemplates drinking the memory serum, but is interrupted by Christina, who reminds him of how Tris would have disapproved of Tobias letting go of the person she fell in love with. Acknowledging the need to move on, Tobias and Christina walk back together.
Two and a half years later, Chicago is finally at peace, with former faction members, factionless, compound members, and other outsiders moving in and out of the city. On what would have been Choosing Day, Tobias releases Tris' ashes as he overcomes his fear of heights and rides the zip line - a feat performed by Tris during her time as a Dauntless initiate. His memories of Tris still linger, but Tobias accepts all that he has been through and reflects on his belief that while life damages everyone, people can still be healed.

After winning the 74th Hunger Games in the previous novel, Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark return home to District 12, the poorest sector in the country of Panem. On the day that Katniss and Peeta are to start a "Victory Tour" of the country, President Snow visits unexpectedly and tells Katniss that he is angry with her for breaking the rules at the end of the last Hunger Games, which permitted both Peeta and Katniss to win. Snow tells Katniss that when she defied the Capitol, she inspired rebellion in the districts.
The first stop on the Victory Tour is District 11, the home of Katniss's deceased friend and ally in the Hunger Games, Rue. During the ceremony, Katniss delivers a brief speech, thanking the people of District 11 for their participants in the Games. When she finishes, an old man whistles the tune that Katniss used in the arena to tell Rue that she was safe. The song acts as a signal and everyone salutes Katniss, using the same gesture that she used to say farewell to Rue. To Katniss's horror, the old man and two others are executed.
Katniss and Peeta travel to the rest of the twelve districts and the Capitol. Hoping to placate the growing rebellion and settle the dispute between Katniss and President Snow, Peeta proposes to Katniss during an interview. Despite this, Katniss learns that their attempt to avert revolt in the districts has failed.
Shortly after returning to District 12, Katniss encounters two runaways from District 8. They explain their theory that contrary to what the other districts have been led to believe, District 13 was not wiped out by the Capitol, and that many of its residents survive in underground shelters. Later, it is announced that, for the 75th Hunger Games, 24 victors from previous years will be forced to compete once again. This is the third occurrence of the "Quarter Quell": an event that occurs every 25th year of the Games and allows the Capitol to introduce a twist. Knowing that she and Peeta will both be competing in the Games a second time, Katniss decides that she will devote herself to ensuring that Peeta becomes the Quarter Quell's victor. Likewise, Peeta is devoted to protecting her.
During the Games, set in a jungle with a saltwater lake, Katniss and Peeta join up with two other previous victors: Finnick Odair, a 24-year-old man who survived the Games at the age of 14, and Mags, Finnick's 80-year-old mentor, both from District 4. The party encounters poisonous fog in which Peeta becomes injured and cannot walk. Mags sacrifices herself in order to save Peeta and dies in the poisonous fog. After Mags's death, Katniss, Peeta and Finnick join forces with Johanna Mason, a sarcastic and often cruel victor from District 7, and Beetee and Wiress, an older couple from District 3 who are said to be "exceptionally smart". Wiress soon proves her genius by revealing to Katniss that the arena is arranged like a clock, with all of the arena's disasters occurring on a timed chart. After Wiress is killed, Katniss learns of Beetee's plan to harness lightning in order to electrocute Brutus and Enobaria, the two remaining Careers Tributes from District 2. In the final chapters, Katniss instead directs the lightning at the force field that contains the arena, thereby destroying the arena and resulting in her temporary paralysis.
When Katniss wakes up, she is being transported to District 13, joined by Finnick, Beetee, and her mentor, Haymitch Abernathy. She learns that Peeta, Enobaria, and Johanna have been captured by the Capitol, and is informed that there had been a plan among half of the contestants to break out of the arena— Beetee had been attempting to destroy the force field in the same way that she did. The book ends when Katniss's best friend, Gale, comes to visit her and informs her that, though he got her family out in time, District 12 has been bombed and destroyed.

Katniss Everdeen reluctantly adjusts to a highly structured life in the underground District 13, which has been spearheading the rebellion in Panem. Katniss eventually agrees to act as "the Mockingjay"—a poster child for the rebellion—but only on the condition that District 13's President Alma Coin vows to grant immunity to all of the past Hunger Games tributes, including her friends Peeta Mellark, Johanna Mason, and Finnick Odair's lover Annie Cresta, and to reserve for Katniss the right to personally kill Panem's President Snow once he is captured. Tasked with starring in rebel propaganda films, called propos, Katniss is unhappily kept out of actual combat until she defiantly participates in a tragic battle at District 8.
Meanwhile, Peeta is being held by the Capitol and forced to defame Katniss and the rebels on live television. During one broadcast, though, he exposes the Capitol's surprise plan to bomb District 13, thus saving many lives during the ensuing explosions but also causing the Capitol to "hijack" him, a process in which he is infused with tracker jacker venom, developing in him a deranged resentment and fear of Katniss. Soon afterward, District 13 leads a successful mission to rescue Peeta and other tributes of the most recent Games, but Peeta immediately attempts to kill Katniss upon their reunion. Therapy improves Peeta's psychological condition over time, but he retains some memory loss and is still prone to violent outbursts toward Katniss.
After a controversial strategy proposed by Katniss's best friend, Gale Hawthorne, wins a decisive victory at District 2, the rebels launch a final military campaign upon the Capitol itself. Katniss and her propo team are deployed on a trivial assignment to the Capitol, joined by Peeta, who is unexpectedly sent with them by President Coin; Katniss interprets this to mean that Coin, anticipating the war's end, no longer requires or trusts Katniss and now expects her to be killed by Peeta. While filming in a purportedly safe Capitol neighborhood, the team's commander, Boggs, is killed. Quickly taking charge, Katniss dupes the others into believing they are on a secret mission to assassinate President Snow. Consequently, during intense urban warfare that involves Hunger Games-like monsters and ambushes, many of Katniss's teammates, including her friend Finnick, are killed. Katniss presses on alone towards President Snow's mansion, which has been surrounded by Capitol refugee children being used as human shields to protect Snow. As Katniss reaches the mansion, a hover plane with Capitol markings drops parachutes onto the children that explode. The rebels' combat medics, including Katniss's sister Prim, move in to help the injured children, but further parachutes explode, severely burning Katniss and killing Prim.
During her recuperation, Katniss becomes deeply depressed over her sister's death. The rebels have won the war and one day Katniss happens upon the holding quarters of President Snow, who is awaiting execution. Snow says that he did not order the assault that killed Prim and suggests that it was in fact orchestrated by Coin. Snow reminds Katniss that they agreed not to lie to each other in the past and argues that the bombing of the children would have served no purpose for him, as it turned the remaining Capitol citizens against him. Suddenly, Katniss recalls in horror that this bombing closely resembles a trap developed by Gale. When Katniss confronts Gale about his possible involvement, however, he merely expresses uncertainty. Katniss's suspicions grow into a conspiracy theory. President Coin proposes an idea that leads to several of the surviving tributes, including Katniss (but not Peeta), voting in favor of punishing the Capitol just as the Capitol punished the Districts: by holding a final Hunger Games in which the children of Capitol's leaders will be the tributes. Scheduled to carry out Snow's execution, Katniss raises her bow to kill him at last, but instead kills Coin. Katniss quickly attempts suicide, but Peeta stops her. As Katniss is captured, a riot ensues during which Snow mysteriously dies. Katniss is later acquitted of Coin's death due to her apparent insanity and relocated to the ruins of District 12. Months later, having largely recovered from his brainwashing, Peeta returns there with some other District 12 natives. Katniss embraces her love for Peeta, recognizing her need for his hope and strength, in contrast to Gale, who has the same fire she already finds in herself. Together, they write a book filled with the stories of previous tributes of the Hunger Games in order to preserve the memory of those who died.
Twenty years later, in the epilogue, Katniss and Peeta are married and now have two children. The Hunger Games are over for good, but Katniss dreads the day her children learn about their parents' involvement in both the Games and the war. When she feels distressed, Katniss plays a comforting but repetitive "game," reminding herself of every good thing she has ever seen someone do. It is also revealed that Peeta still suffers trauma from his "hijacking." The series ends with Katniss' somber reflection that "there are much worse games to play."

In the beginning of the book, Bella is upset because it's her birthday and it will make her older than the "permanently" 17 year old Edward Cullen. Much to her dismay, the Cullen family throws her a birthday party. She, then, receives a present from Alice and Edward, a CD with Bella's lullaby on it. At the birthday party, Bella gets a paper cut when opening a present and then Jasper Hale tries to attack her which then leads to her being accidentally smashed into a mess of glass that cuts deeply into her arm, Carlisle gives her stitches, and they have an interesting conversation. Jasper does not harm Bella, as the rest of the Cullens hold him back. This reminds Edward of the danger he puts Bella in because of their relationship. Edward leaves the small town of Forks, trying to keep Bella safe from a world of vampires. He does this by telling Bella he no longer loves her. As soon as he leaves, Bella enters a deep depression that lasts for months, becoming a kind of a zombie with no friends and no life. When her father threatens to send her to live with her mother, she seeks comfort with Jacob Black, an old family friend who clears the haze of Bella's pain.


Bella soon finds out that Jacob is a werewolf, a secret that had always been in his family's genetics but reveals itself only when vampires, the werewolves' natural enemies, are around. It is a secret he is forced to keep from Bella at first, but he eventually finds a way around it, making Bella guess what he is. As soon as Bella figures it out, Jacob reveals as much as he can without betraying his pack. Bella and Jacob begin to spend more and more time together.

Bella soon discovers that rushes of adrenaline in her system yield hallucinations of Edward's voice. Desperate to hear him, she purposely places herself in dangerous situations. She rides a motorcycle and even approaches strange men in Port Angeles. She wants to try cliff-jumping, a recreational activity, participated in by Jacob's friends, but Jacob tells her it is not safe by herself and cannot find time to take her, since he and the other werewolves are busy protecting the town against Victoria. However, Bella grows tired of waiting for Jacob. She jumps and gets caught in a riptide in the water. After a few minutes, Jacob rescues her and brings her to safety. When they return to Jacob's house, they learn that Charlie's friend, Harry Clearwater, has passed away because of a heart attack.


At the same time, Alice, Edward's vampire "sister" who has visions of the future, has a vision of Bella jumping. However, werewolves are invisible to her foresight, and she does not see Jacob rescuing Bella. Presuming Bella is dead, Alice rushes to Forks to check on Charlie, Bella's father, after his daughter's supposed death. When Alice gets there, she finds Bella alive and well. But Rosalie, not knowing the truth, called Edward to tell him that Bella is dead. Edward wants to see if it is actually true by calling at Bella's home. When Edward calls, Jacob answers the phone, however, and informs Edward, who is impersonating Carlisle Cullen, that Charlie is at the funeral, referring to Harry, but Edward draws the conclusion that it is Bella's funeral. Having lost the will to exist as immortal, Edward flees to Italy to see the Volturi (peace-keeping vampires who would be able to kill Edward if he broke the vampire laws) thus granting him leave of a world without Bella.


Bella and Alice eventually figure out everything and rush to Italy to stop Edward. Bella stops Edward from stepping into the sunlight by running with all her energy to save him, he is happy to see Bella and know she is alive. She states you didn't have to feel guilty or anything, I can let you go now. He states you'll never have to let go. The reason why Edward decided to reveal himself is because Aro refused to kill him at first so he tries to break the law by an act that would have revealed the existence of vampires and invoked the wrath of the Volturi. Instead, all three of them are brought before the Volturi for judgment. Aro, the most exuberant of the Volturi, was very curious about Bella and her power to block Edward's mind reading. So he set up tests for her, and finds out that neither he nor Jane can affect her. Aro is very excited about this and asks if she wants to join the Volturi when she is a vampire, but she refuses. The Volturi say that Bella must be killed because she knows too much about vampires and could be a threat to their secrecy. The three are free to leave on one condition: Bella must be turned into a vampire, and soon.

When they all return to Forks, Bella wakes up to see Edward and believes she had drowned or is dreaming and 

starts going into hysterics. Edward tells her what he was doing before he heard about her dying, but she still believes that he is a dream. He finally manages to make her believe he is real by kissing her. He also explains that he will never leave her again. She is happy to have him back, but he upsets her when he says that he won't damn her soul by turning her into a vampire. She then tells him that she is going to ask his family to vote on the matter. Everybody says yes to her being a vampire except Edward and Rosalie (who then says, "Let me explain, I don't mean that I have any aversion to you as a sister. It's just that... this is not the life I would have chosen for myself. I wish there had been someone there to vote no for me."). Edward takes Bella home, and tells Bella that he will turn her himself after she marries him.
The book ends with Bella being grounded for leaving Forks without permission. Because she hadn't gone to La Push in a while, Jacob thinks that Edward was keeping Bella away, so he drops off the motorcycles at her house, which makes Charlie furious. When Bella and Edward come back and find this out, Jacob confronts them. Bella explains that she didn't go to see him because she was grounded before, and Jacob (who thinks Edward plans to change Bella into a vampire) reminds Edward that if he or any of his family bites a human, their treaty with the werewolves will be broken. Jacob is shocked when Bella reacts angrily toward this revelation, and realizes that Bella wants to become a vampire. He leaves looking hurt and angry, and Bella gets the feeling that he now counts her among his enemies. The novel ends with Bella contemplating all the problems that she has: Victoria, Jacob's mistrust, the Volturi, and the threat of a war with the werewolves.

The story begins with the revelation that Seattle is being plagued by a string of unsolved murders, which Edward suspects to be the result of newborn vampires unable to control their thirst. Edward and Bella fill out college applications, while Bella explains to Edward her desire to see her werewolf friend Jacob again, so she can make things right with him. Meanwhile, Alice Cullen has a vision that Victoria, a vampire that is hunting Bella to get revenge for her mate's (James) death, is back in town.

Although Edward fears for her safety, Bella insists that Jacob and the rest of the werewolf pack would never harm her, but he is still not convinced. Bella escapes to La Push to see Jacob while Edward is away, and arrives afterwards at her house unharmed. This convinces Edward that the La Push werewolves are harmless to her, and he allows Bella to visit Jacob once in a while, as long as she keeps a phone with her at all times. During one of these trips, Jacob confesses that he loves Bella and forcibly kisses her. Bella punches him, which in turn breaks her hand. When Edward finds out, he threatens to break Jacob's jaw if he ever kisses Bella without her consent again.


A few days later, Bella tries to get Edward to make love to her before turning her into a vampire. Edward initially refuses, explaining to Bella that he could very easily kill her. Eventually, upon realizing how much it means to Bella, he says that he is willing to try in the future as long as they are married first. Despite having an aversion to marriage, Bella realizes that spending eternity with Edward is more important to her than anything else and accepts his proposal.

Bella and the Cullens realize that the murders in Seattle are being committed by Victoria and an "army" of newborn vampires that she has created. The Cullen family, abandoned by the Denali Coven, joins forces with the La Push werewolf pack in order to combat this threat. As everyone else prepares for battle, Edward and Bella camp up in the mountains, where they are later joined by Jacob and Seth Clearwater, to wait out the fight. Bella, as a delicate human, starts to freeze in the harsh weather of the mountain. Jacob warms up Bella with his abnormal body heat, much to Edward's chagrin. During the night, Bella also overhears a conversation between Edward and Jacob, in which they temporarily forget about their hatred towards each other.


In the morning, Jacob overhears Edward and Bella discussing their engagement and becomes very upset. He runs off, but at Bella's request, Edward brings Jacob. He threatens to join the fight and get himself killed because he feels that Bella doesn't love him. When Bella begs him not to, Jacob insists that he will unless she asks him to kiss her. Furious, she does so, and while kissing him she realizes that she is in love with him as well. Edward finds out about this, but isn't angry. Bella realizes that she loves Edward more than Jacob.


Victoria eventually finds Bella's hiding spot, but Edward kills her while Seth kills her partner Riley. The Cullens and the Quileute werewolves, meanwhile, destroy her "army", though Jacob is injured when saving Leah Clearwater from a newborn. Since Carlisle has to break his bones again so they will set properly. Several members of the Volturi, Jane, Alec, Felix, and Demetri, arrive to destroy Victoria's army, and end up only killing the one newborn who surrendered, Bree. They are also told that while Bella hasn't become a vampire yet, the date for her transformation has been set.

Bella visits Jacob in his home to tell him that she has chosen to be with Edward. Heartbroken by her choice, Jacob reluctantly agrees to stop trying to come between her and Edward. He says that he was giving up Bella because he knew it was hurting her to choose, and since she always thought of him as her sun, he "can't fight an eclipse", which gives the book its title. Bella then goes back to Edward. They go to Alice, who already knows they're getting married. Alice has already made a number of plans for the wedding, but Bella edits some of them. After this, they go to Edward's meadow. Edward says that they can make love before marrying if she wants to, but Bella has decided to do things his way: marriage, making love, and then becoming a vampire. They then decide they need to tell Charlie about their engagement.

The epilogue is told from Jacob's point of view, who is suffering from a broken heart. He receives an invitation to Bella and Edward's wedding. Inside it is a letter from Edward, thanking him for "everything," and saying that if Jacob didn't want to come, he doesn't have to. Jacob, after reading the letter, runs away in his wolf form to escape the pain he feels.

After Bella's pickup truck dies a "natural death", Edward buys Bella a Mercedes Guardian. It is his feeling that because of her propensity for danger, Bella needs this armored sports car to stay safe. Even though she is happy about marrying Edward, she feels guilty at the same time about Jacob running away, knowing that her rejecting him caused him to run away.

Bella and Edward tell Charlie about their engagement. Charlie doesn't show his disagreement, instead saying Bella will have to tell her mother. Bella does so, and Renee consents to it. Bella and Edward's wedding goes according to plan and is as extravagant as Alice's other parties. Bella then gets a surprise wedding gift: Jacob has decided to attend after all, despite his heartbreak. Bella apologizes to Jacob, but he answers that he only wants her to be happy. However, Jacob becomes violent towards Bella and Edward after learning of their plans to make love while Bella is still human. Not wanting to spoil her wedding day, Bella puts aside her disappointment in Jacob's unpleasantness. Edward and Bella soon depart for their honeymoon.

Edward takes her to Isle Esme off the coast of Brazil and while there, he fulfills Bella's wish and makes love to her. The next day, they argue because Edward's passionate love-making has left dark purple bruises all over Bella's body. Although Bella doesn't care about the injuries, he refuses to make love to her again until she has become a vampire. In Edward's attempt to dampen Bella's love-making appetite and energy, they engage in physically exhausting outdoor activities day after day on the island. Bella begs Edward to make love to her once again; Edward continuously refuses, as he does not wish to injure her further. Later, however, he succumbs to her. They make love cautiously and Edward does not inflict any bruises on Bella.

Bella has been having a recurrent dream of a small, green-eyed boy that she feels compelled to protect for a long time. She also finds herself constantly hungry and sick. Upon seeing a box of unused tampons, she realizes that her period is late and she is pregnant. Though Bella has not longed for a child, she becomes immediately attached to her baby when she becomes aware of its existence. Edward, however, is only concerned for her health. After hearing stories from a local woman (who suspects that Edward is a vampire) of similar situations that resulted in the mothers' deaths, Edward wants to get rid of the baby. Edward prepares to bring Bella home where it's presumed that Carlisle will "take care of it." Although it's clear that Bella doesn't want to lose the baby, she doesn't yet voice her objections. She secretly calls Rosalie for help, knowing that Rosalie had always wanted children. On the way back home, Bella is silent and Edward only figures out her plans when he hears Rosalie's thoughts.

Book Two
The book is then told from Jacob's perspective, as he receives news of Edward and Bella's return. Carlisle has advised Charlie that Bella cannot receive visitors because she has contracted a rare disease in South America and is quarantined. Jacob assumes that Bella has been bitten and transformed. He is upset when Sam Uley, acting Alpha of the pack, declares that the pack will not retaliate.

Full of anger, Jacob decides that if the pack will not retaliate collectively, he will act singly. Formulating strategies of attack, he runs to the Cullen house. When he arrives, however, he discovers that things aren't as he expected. Bella, as opposed to being a newborn vampire, is already heavily pregnant with Edward's child. Everyone realizes that the child's rapid growth is starving Bella and bruising her. She cannot digest her food as she vomits it after eating. Tension runs high in the Cullen household as Rosalie steadily supports Bella's decision to have the baby and aids her in every way possible. Edward is furious at Rosalie, and the family is divided. Jacob is furious at Edward for impregnating Bella. Jacob also agrees to kill Edward if Bella dies.

Returning to his pack, Jacob inadvertently informs them of Bella's state. This causes fear and anger among the werewolves; they don't know how the child might act since the child is the offspring of a vampire. Sam commands the pack in the double timbre of the Alpha, to obey his decision to kill Bella and her unborn child. Still in love with Bella, Jacob disagrees, but Sam takes his will away. To counter this, Jacob assumes his rightful place as Alpha of the pack. This almost leads to Sam and Jacob fighting for the right to rule, but Jacob controls his Alpha instincts to attack Sam and abandons the pack to join the Cullens. Seth and Leah Clearwater soon join Jacob and the threesome form a new pack to guard the Cullens from Sam's pack. Losing both the element of surprise and pack members, and the idea of fighting their own kind, dissuades Sam and his pack from attacking Bella while Jacob's pack is aiding the Cullens. It is discovered that the collective minds of the two packs are separate; members of each pack cannot hear the other pack's thoughts as Jacob and Sam are distinct Alphas. Jacob, Leah and Seth patrol the Cullen's territory to forewarn them of any impending werewolf attack. Esme gratefully provides them with food and clothes (since their clothes are too often destroyed during phasing). As the werewolves spend this time together, Jacob and Leah learn to tolerate each other, and forming a common understanding.

Knowing that the pregnancy is endangering Bella's life and wanting to terminate it but not wanting to deny Bella the experience of childbirth and motherhood, Edward asks Jacob to get her with child. Jacob is shocked that Edward would ask such a thing, and although he doesn't really want to, he also finds the idea of sleeping with Bella incredibly tempting and agrees to suggest the idea to Bella. For the most part, Bella doesn't realize what he means. When she does, she is touched by Edward's caring for her, but refuses their offer because she considers it repulsive to sleep with anyone other than Edward or have anyone else's baby.

As the fetus continues to develop at an alarmingly accelerated rate, Bella's health worsens. Her stomach is bruised in multiple places from the baby's movements. Two of her ribs crack, her pelvis is almost broken, and her pallor is unhealthy. Her body continues to reject human food, and Jacob sarcastically thinks about the "creature" craving for blood. Edward overhears this thought, and the Cullens allow Bella to sample human blood. To Bella's surprise, the blood smells and tastes appealing, and revives her almost the instant she drinks it. During Bella's pregnancy, Edward realizes he can read the child's mind, and is astonished to discover that the baby already loves Bella and doesn't mean to hurt her like it does. As he hears his child's thoughts, Edward begins to love the baby as well. This leaves Jacob feeling betrayed, as he was counting on Edward to suffer and hate the baby more than he did.

Jacob struggles with his feelings for Bella. She is outrageously happy every time she sees him and this confuses him. He questions her about this, and Bella says she feels that her family is more complete with him around. But this only makes Jacob feel worse, believing that he can never be part of Bella's family. Leah suggests that he find the girl he is destined to imprint on, so he won't suffer any longer, but Jacob answers he doesn't want his feelings for Bella to disappear. However, things eventually become too hard for him to handle. Edward allows Jacob to borrow his Aston Martin to get away, and Jacob attempts to imprint on random girls he sees in a park, including one named Lizzie (who appeals to him because of her niceness and knowledge of cars), but nothing happens. Frustrated, he returned to the house. Edward approaches Jacob to ask for his permission, as Ephraim Black's heir, to bite Bella once she gives birth. After some thinking, Jacob agrees because it is the only thing that will save Bella's life.

Bella goes into labor approximately a month after the honeymoon. The hard placenta that surrounds the child cracks; Bella begins vomiting blood. The child breaks free and Bella is very near death. Edward delivers the baby, a girl which will be named Renesmee, and initiates Bella's transformation into a vampire. He injects his venom into her heart and bites her in several places. Jacob and Edward perform CPR to try to keep Bella's heart beating while the venom transforms her. Eventually Jacob comes to believe that Bella is dead, and is viciously sent away by Edward.

Driven mad with rage over Bella's supposed death, Jacob goes to find and kill the baby whom he holds responsible. He finds her in Rosalie's arms, but before he can attack, the baby looks him directly in the face. Jacob sees that the baby's eyes are exactly the same shade of brown as Bella's. Jacob suddenly feels everything attaching him to the world breaking apart, leaving only a caring for Renesmee holding him to life. Even making him forget about Bella dying upstairs. Jacob has imprinted on Renesmee.

Book Three
The book returns to Bella's perspective. She has just given birth to her daughter and is now experiencing the painful transformation from human to vampire. After receiving an injection of morphine to mitigate the pain, Bella is unable to move. As the effect of the morphine diminishes, Bella consciously remains as still as possible to alleviate Edward's guilt and agony over the discomfort of her transformation.

When she opens her eyes, she feels a warm hand on her. She is startled and moves instinctively to a defensive position. She realizes that Edward now feels relatively warm to her, and that she is finally a vampire. The Cullens are wary of Bella as newborn-vampires are volatile. Yet, she manages to demonstrate a degree of self-control unseen in most newborns. She wishes to see her daughter, Renesmee (pronounced "ruh-NEZ-may"), whom she named after both her and Edward's mothers, Renee and Esme, but, since Renesmee is part-human, the family believes Bella will be unable to deny her newborn thirst if she sees the child so soon without first hunting.

Edward takes Bella on her first hunt to ease her thirst. Before they leave, Alice shows Bella her reflection. She has transformed into a stunningly beautiful woman with flawless skin and newborn-vampire red eyes. Bella jumps out of the window, kicks off her shoes and goes barefoot. She experiments with her new body on the hunt. She is now graceful, strong, and fast. She accidentally crosses a human scent. However, she resists the urge to kill and runs away to avoid bloodshed. Edward is astounded, as newborns hunting shouldn't be able to deny their instincts.

Upon returning, Bella is finally allowed to see her daughter. Because Renesmee is growing at an astonishing rate, she looks older than her calendar age. Bella learns of Renesmee's gift - the ability to communicate by sending images t people's minds, by touching them. Bella is infuriated when she learns that Jacob has imprinted on her. Her self-restraint is tested by this revelation, but she manages to control herself until she finds out the truth behind Renesmee's nickname "Nessie." She loses her self-control and tries to kill him. Seth steps in, and Bella accidentally breaks his collarbone and shoulder before managing to calm down.

Bella and Edward receive a cozy cottage for Bella's birthday from the Cullens. Esme had designed it and renovated it. That night, Bella and Edward make love for the first time since Bella's transformation. They find it very difficult to fully satisfy their sexual desire for each other. At first, sexual thirst cannot be satisfied. Edward tells Bella that this is normal for vampires when they begin a physical relationship. Satiation usually takes years to attain.

Renesmee matures quickly and soon is able to speak, walk and hunt. Jacob's imprinting also forces Sam and his pack to declare peace with the Cullens (the most sacred rule of the wolves is that no wolf ever kill the subject of another wolf's imprinting). Differences between Sam and Jacob's packs are soon settled as well, and Jacob and Sam agree to become co-existent Alphas. Jacob's pack also grows when Quil and Embry join it. Meanwhile, Jacob learns that the Cullens plan to move away from Forks. Thinking that Charlie is the reason, he phases into his wolf form in front of him and tells him about Bella's change and Renesmee (though he doesn't say she has become a vampire). Bella is initially furious, thinking that her father would now have to become a vampire or die. But he tells both Jacob and Bella not to let him know anymore than he needs to know. This allows Bella to keep him in her new life and allows Charlie to go on with his life.

Peace lasts for several months, but then things start to unravel again: Irina, a vampire from the Denali clan, sees Renesmee while hunting with Bella and Jacob and informs the Volturi that she is an immortal child. The Volturi purged the immortal children from the world because they couldn't control themselves, and made their punishable by death. The Cullens realize that Irina is mistaken and decide the only way to enlighten the Volturi is to present Renesmee with a large group of reliable witnesses.

After leaving a note with Sam from the copyright page of Shakespeare's The Merchant of Venice, Alice and Jasper suddenly leave the Cullens. Since the couple does not provide a warning or reason, the Cullen family does not know why they've left. Since it was her copy of the book, Bella perceives this as a sign from Alice. She returns to the cottage and finds that Alice has written a name and address on another page of the book. When Bella visits it, she finds that it leads to the office of a lawyer named Jason Scott Jenks (also presented in the book as J. Jenks or J. Scott) who is a document forger. Bella requests documents for Jacob and Renesmee (with false names - Jacob and Vanessa (from Nessie) Wolfe), should they need to escape if a fight ensues with the Volturi. Meanwhile, nomadic, vegetarian, and clans of vampires arrive on the Cullen's land after the family begins to seek their friends' assistance with the Volturi. Most of them are enthralled by Renesmee, and almost all agree to bear witness to the Volturi that she is not an immortal child. Bella discovers that her power of mind-privacy has a shielding effect and she wonders if she can extend this protection to others. During the month of preparation for the Volturi, several of the vampires with quantifiable supernatural talents teach Bella how to expand the barrier.

When the Volturi and Irina finally arrive, all of the vampires and the werewolves meet in a clearing in the forest. The Volturi discover that they have been misinformed. Immediately, Cauis executes Irina for it, burning her. Aro felt uncomfortable about Cauis's rash decision because of the many witnesses they brought. However, the Volturi are not satisfied to leave, since they don't know if Renesmee will become a threat in the future. Aro wants to convince Renesmee that he has no intention to kill her family and friends, but the Cullens and all their witnesses feel Aro is actually lying to her. Bella's gift disables the Volturi's offensive fighters, Alec (who causes one to lose all one's senses, much like numbing someone) and Jane (who creates the illusion of pain in the victim), when she shields everyone on her side. Aro, Caius and Marcus vote on whether or not Renesmee will be a danger to the vampire world once she attains maturity. Just before Aro can cast his deciding vote, Alice and Jasper return with another half-human, half-vampire named Nahuel from South America who is about one hundred fifty years-old. He and his three half-sisters (who are also half-vampire, half-human) are the children of a vampire who is creating a "super race." They have never caused any danger to the vampire world. Facing no other choice, Aro gives up the fight, and the Volturi leave. However, before doing so, they reveal that the so-called werewolves are not actual werewolves, but rather "shape-shifters". The "shape-shifters" and vampires celebrate their victory in successfully protecting Edward and Bella's child.

After celebrations with family and friends, Bella and Edward take Renesmee back home. They tuck her in bed and proceed to their bedroom arm-in-arm. Bella tells Edward she wants to try something with him. She places her hands on his face and tries to push away her shield. She has been secretly practicing for this moment. She conjures the special memories she wants to share with Edward. He is finally able to see for the first time just how deeply she loves him. Edward is unable to control himself; he starts kissing her and breaks her concentration, and she stops. However, she tells him that now he knows that no one loves anyone else as much as she loves him. He asks her if she would try again. Bella acquiesces. Once again abandoning restraint, Edward kisses her passionately. This distraction prevents Edward from accessing Bella's mind. She wants to open the barrier for Edward so he can access her mind. She says that they have only forever for her to perfect it.

The story of Twilight ends with "And then we continued blissfully into this small but perfect piece of our forever."

Before the start of the novel, Voldemort, considered the most evil and powerful dark wizard in history, kills Harry's parents but mysteriously vanishes after trying to kill the infant Harry. While the wizarding world celebrates Voldemort's downfall, Professor Dumbledore, Professor McGonagall and Rubeus Hagrid place the one year-old orphan in the care of his neglectful and abusive Muggle (non-wizard) uncle and aunt: Vernon and Petunia Dursley. Harry grows up with his aunt and uncle and their son, Dudley, a spoiled and selfish boy.
For ten years, Harry is tormented by the Dursleys. Harry is treated more as an unpleasant servant than a member of the family. Shortly before his eleventh birthday, a series of letters addressed to Harry arrive but Vernon destroys them before Harry can read them, leading only to an influx of more letters. To get away from the letters, Vernon takes the family first to a hotel and when the letters arrive there too he drives them all to a small island. On Harry's eleventh birthday at midnight, Hagrid (a half giant who holds position of Keeper of Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry) bursts through the door to deliver Harry's letter and tell him what the Dursleys have kept from him: Harry is a wizard and has been accepted at Hogwarts. Hagrid takes Harry to Diagon Alley, a magically concealed shopping precinct in London, where Harry is bewildered to discover how famous he is among witches and wizards as "the boy who lived." He also finds that he is quite wealthy, since a bequest from his parents has remained on deposit at Gringotts Wizarding Bank. Guided by Hagrid, he buys the equipment he needs for his first year at Hogwarts.
One of the many materials Harry needs to purchase for his upcoming year at Hogwarts is a wand. At the wand shop, he finds that the wand that suits him best is the twin of Voldemort's; both wands contain feathers from the same phoenix.[1] Harry also leaves with a new pet and birthday gift from Hagrid, an owl named Hedwig who is to become one of his most loyal companions and friends. A month later, Harry leaves the Dursleys' home to catch the Hogwarts Express from King's Cross railway station. There he meets the Weasley family, who show him how to pass through the magical wall to Platform 9¾, where the train that will take them to Hogwarts is waiting. While on the train, Harry makes friends with Ron Weasley, who tells him that someone tried to rob a vault at Gringotts. They discuss the upcoming school year, which Harry is both anxious and excited for. During the ride, they meet Hermione Granger. She is later to become one of their best friends. Harry also makes an enemy on this trip. Another new pupil, Draco Malfoy, accompanied by his sidekicks Vincent Crabbe and Gregory Goyle, offers to advise Harry, but Harry dislikes Draco's arrogance and prejudice and rejects his offer of "friendship".
Before the term's first dinner in the school's Great Hall, the new pupils are allocated to houses by the Sorting Hat. While Harry is being sorted, the Hat wonders whether Harry should be in Slytherin, but when Harry objects, the Hat sends him to Gryffindor. Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger are also sorted into Gryffindor. Draco Malfoy is sorted into Slytherin house, Gryffindor's rival house. During the meal, Harry catches Professor Snape's eye and feels a pain in the scar Voldemort left on his forehead.
After a terrible first Potions lesson with Snape, Harry and Ron visit Hagrid, who lives in a cabin on the edge of the Forbidden Forest. There they learn that the attempted robbery at Gringotts happened the day Harry withdrew money from his vault. Harry remembers that Hagrid had removed a small package from the vault that had been broken into.
During the new pupils' first broom-flying lesson, fellow Gryffindor Neville Longbottom breaks his wrist and is rushed to the infirmary by their instructor. Draco takes advantage to throw the forgetful Neville's fragile Remembrall, which Neville dropped because of his accident, high in the air. Harry gives chase on his broomstick, catching the Remembrall inches from the ground. Unbeknownst to Harry, Professor McGonagall, head of Gryffindor house, has witnessed his performance on his broom. Professor McGonagall dashes out and appoints him as the new Seeker for the Gryffindor Quidditch team.[a]
When Draco tricks Ron and Harry, who are accompanied by Neville and Hermione Granger, into a midnight excursion, they accidentally enter a forbidden corridor and find a huge three-headed dog. The group hastily retreats, and Hermione notices that the dog is standing over a trap-door. Harry concludes that the monster is guarding the package Hagrid retrieved from Gringotts.
After Ron criticises Hermione's ostentatious proficiency in Charms, she hides in the girls' toilet, crying. At the Halloween Feast, Professor Quirrell reports that a troll has entered the dungeons. While everyone returns to their dormitories, Harry and Ron rush to warn Hermione, who was not at the feast to hear the announcement. The troll corners Hermione in the toilet but Harry and Ron clumsily save her. Afterwards, Hermione takes the blame for the battle and becomes a firm friend of the two boys.
The evening before Harry's first Quidditch match, he sees Snape receiving medical attention from Filch for a bite on his leg caused by the three-headed dog. During the game, Harry's broomstick goes out of control, endangering his life, and Hermione notices that Snape is staring at Harry and muttering. Concluding that Professor Snape is responsible for Harry's out of control broom, she dashes over to the Professors' stand, knocking over Professor Quirrell in her haste, and sets fire to Snape's robe. Harry regains control of his broomstick and catches the Golden Snitch, winning the game for Gryffindor. Hagrid refuses to believe that Snape was responsible for Harry's danger, but lets slip that he bought the three-headed dog and that the monster is guarding a secret that belongs to Professor Dumbledore and someone called Nicolas Flamel.
When Christmas break arrives, Harry and the Weasleys remain at Hogwarts, while Hermione goes back home. One of Harry's presents, from an anonymous donor, is an Invisibility Cloak that belonged to his father. Harry uses the Cloak to search the library's Restricted Section for information about the mysterious Flamel, and he happens to find a room containing the Mirror of Erised, which shows him his parents and several of their ancestors. Harry becomes addicted to the Mirror's visions, choosing to spend time with his family than with his friends at Hogwarts, until he is rescued by Professor Dumbledore, who explains that it only shows the viewer what he most desperately longs for.
When the rest of the pupils return for the next term, Draco plays a prank on Neville, and Harry consoles Neville with a sweet. The collectible card wrapped with the sweet identifies Flamel as an alchemist. Hermione soon finds that he is a 665-year-old man who possesses the only known Philosopher's Stone, from which an elixir of life can be extracted. A few days later, Harry notices Snape sneaking towards the outskirts of the Forbidden Forest. There he half-hears a furtive conversation about the Philosopher's Stone between Snape and Quirrell. Harry concludes that Snape is trying to steal the Stone and Quirrell has helped prepare a series of defences for it, which was an almost fatal mistake.
The three friends discover that Hagrid is raising a baby dragon in violation of the wizard law, and arranges to smuggle it out of the country around midnight. Draco, hoping to get them into trouble, informs Professor McGonagall. Although the dragon is safely sent away, they are caught outside of their dormitory. Harry, Hermione, Draco, and Neville are punished together and assigned the task of helping Hagrid with rescuing a badly injured unicorn in the Forbidden Forest. They split into two parties and venture off into the Forest where Harry and Draco come across a hooded figure drinking the blood of an injured unicorn. Aware of their presence, the hooded figure approaches the boys but Harry is rescued by a centaur, Firenze, who offers to give him a ride back to the school. The centaur tells Harry that drinking a unicorn's blood will save the life of a mortally injured person, but at the price of having a cursed life from that moment on. Firenze suggests Voldemort drank the unicorn's blood to gain enough strength to make the elixir of life from the Philosopher's Stone, and regain full health by drinking that.
A few weeks later, Harry learns from Hagrid that the dragon egg was given to him by a hooded stranger who had asked him how to get past the three-headed dog, which Hagrid had admitted was easy – music sends it to sleep. Realizing that one of the Philosopher's Stone's defenses is no longer secure, Harry goes to inform Professor Dumbledore, only to find that the headmaster has just left for a meeting in London. Harry concludes that Snape faked the message that called Dumbledore away and will try to steal the Stone that night. Harry decides that they must protect the stone themselves in Dumbledore's absence. Covered by the Invisibility Cloak, Harry and his two friends go to the three-headed dog's chamber, where Harry sends the beast to sleep by playing a flute. After lifting the trap-door, they encounter a series of obstacles, each of which requires special skills possessed by one of the three, and one of which requires Ron to sacrifice himself in a life-size game of wizard's chess.
Despite his reluctance to leave Ron behind, Harry and Hermione arrive at a room with a series of potions of varying sizes and colors. After Hermione figures out the riddle provided, she instructs Harry on which potion to drink. Harry swallows the liquid, safely passes through the fire and enters the final room while Hermione returns to collect Ron and notify Dumbledore of the night's events.
In the final room Harry, now alone, finds Quirrell rather than Snape. Quirrell admits that he let in the troll and that he tried to kill Harry during the first Quidditch match. Snape had been trying to protect Harry all along. Quirrell serves Voldemort and, after failing to steal the Philosopher's Stone from Gringotts, allowed his master to possess him in order to improve their chances of success. This, however, proves a difficult task because the only other object in the room is the Mirror of Erised, which will not reveal to Quirrell where the Stone is. At Voldemort's bidding, Quirrell forces Harry to stand in front of the Mirror. The mirror shows Harry finding the stone. Harry feels the Stone drop into his pocket and tries to stall. Quirrell removes his turban, revealing the face of Voldemort on the back of his head. Voldemort/Quirrell tries to grab the Stone from Harry, but simply touching Harry causes Quirrell's flesh to burn.
After further struggles, Harry passes out. He awakes in the school hospital, where Professor Dumbledore tells him that he survived because his mother sacrificed her life to protect him, and Voldemort could not understand the power of such love. Voldemort left Quirrell to die and is likely to return by some other means. The Stone has now been destroyed. The school year ends at the final feast, during which Gryffindor wins the House Cup. Harry returns to the Dursley's for the summer holiday, but does not tell them that under-age wizards are forbidden to use magic outside Hogwarts.

Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets begins as Harry spends another miserable summer with his only remaining family, the Dursleys. During a dinner party given by Harry's aunt and uncle, Dobby, a house-elf, pops into Harry's bedroom, warning him that if he returns to Hogwarts, terrible things will happen. Harry disregards the warning. Dobby wreaks havoc in the kitchen, infuriating the Dursleys, who angrily imprison Harry. Harry is rescued by his friend Ron Weasley and brothers Fred and George in their flying car, spending the summer at the Weasley home. Harry accidentally ends up in Knockturn Alley, the dark-arts section of Diagon Alley. Fortunately, he encounters his friend Hagrid, Hogwarts's gamekeeper, there to buy flesh-eating slug repellent, who guides him safely back into Diagon Alley to shop for school supplies.
In the company of the Weasleys, Harry encounters the famous Gilderoy Lockhart who informs everyone that he is the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher and demands to be in a photo shoot with Harry, revealing his enthusiasm for self-promotion. Soon after, the Weasleys depart with Harry for the train station. When they arrive, Harry and Ron inexplicably cannot get through the secret entrance to Platform 9 ¾, so they decide to fly the Weasley's car to Hogwarts instead. Things get dangerous when Ron loses control of the car, and it falls from the sky into a Whomping Willow (a tree that attacks anyone who approaches it). Ron and Harry escape from the tree but Ron's wand is broken in the process. The next day, Ron receives a Howler from his mother, Molly Weasley, threatening to send him home if he puts another toe out of line.
Lockhart turns out to be an incompetent teacher, more concerned with personal celebrity than teaching. On Halloween, Mrs. Norris, a cat belonging to the school caretaker's is found petrified. On a wall nearby appears a message: "The Chamber of Secrets has been opened, enemies of the heir beware." Harry, Ron, and Hermione Granger discover that one of Hogwarts' founders, Salazar Slytherin, secretly built the Chamber of Secrets, which is rumoured to contain a monster that only Slytherin's heir can directly control.


In the novel, Dumbledore owns a pet bird known as a phoenix a famous mythological fire bird. In the novel, the tears of the bird contain healing properties.
Suspecting that Harry's nemesis, Draco Malfoy, is the heir of Slytherin, the trio makes Polyjuice Potion, a brew that takes a month to concoct, but will allow them, for a period of time, to look like someone else. Their makeshift laboratory is in a bathroom haunted by the ghost of Moaning Myrtle.
During a game of Quidditch, Harry's arm is broken by a rogue Bludger, although he still catches the snitch to win the game. Lockhart volunteers to heal the broken bones, but removes them instead. That night, as Harry lies mending in his hospital bed, Dobby appears and admits responsibility for the platform incident and the rogue Bludger and begs Harry to leave Hogwarts, insisting that he is in grave—even mortal—danger. Soon after, a first year student, Colin Creevey, is attacked and petrified.
During the first meeting of Lockhart's new dueling club, Harry duels with Draco, who casts a spell in form of a snake that tries to attack a student, Justin Finch-Fletchley. In his efforts to stop it, Harry unwittingly speaks Parseltongue. The sudden appearance of this ability—also possessed by Salazar Slytherin—shocks everyone, since it suggests that Harry might be Slytherin's heir. Harry comes under further suspicion when he stumbles upon the petrified bodies of Justin Finch-Fletchley and Nearly Headless Nick.
At Christmas, Harry and Ron use the finished Polyjuice Potion to disguise themselves as Draco's stupid friends Crabbe and Goyle. Harry and Ron discover that Draco is not the heir of Slytherin, and that the Chamber was opened fifty years before.
After a few quiet months, Harry finds a diary in Myrtle's bathroom, which has flooded. He writes in the diary, which responds by displaying the name "Tom Riddle," a boy who 50 years before accused Hagrid of opening the Chamber of Secrets. Some time later, Harry's room is ransacked and the diary taken. Hermione and a Ravenclaw girl, Penelope Clearwater, are petrified as well. Harry and Ron intend to question Hagrid, but before they can, he is accused of opening the Chamber of Secrets again, and is taken to Azkaban prison. Before Hagrid is led away, he secretly instructs the boys to "follow the spiders" into the Forbidden Forest. There they encounter Aragog who tells them the monster who killed the girl 50 years before was not a spider, that the girl's body was found in a bathroom, and that Hagrid is innocent. The boys escape a colony of giant spiders, who are instructed by Aragog to eat them. They also realise that the girl Aragog referred to must have been Moaning Myrtle.


The novel reveals that the "monster" in the Chamber of Secrets is the legendary reptile known as the Basilisk.
Harry and Ron learn from a piece of paper Hermione was holding when she was attacked that the monster is a Basilisk, a giant snake that kills those who look it in the eye, although the petrified victims only ever saw it in a reflection or through a medium. They later discover the entrance to the Chamber in Myrtle's bathroom, which Harry opens by speaking Parseltongue. They have brought with them Lockhart, whom they have caught trying to run away from Hogwarts. He steals Ron's wand and attempts a memory charm on them, revealing that he is actually a fraud whose "great accomplishments" were stories he stole from other wizards whose memories he then erased. He admits that the memory charm is the only one which he can do right. As he prepares to erase their memories, Ron's broken wand deflects the spell back at Lockhart, knocking him down and erasing all of Lockhart's memory. Harry is forced to go on alone after a cave-in caused by Lockhart.
Inside the chamber, Harry finds Ginny's unconscious body, as well as the almost-physical form of Riddle, who reveals that Ginny had been communicating to him by writing in his diary, allowing him to possess her and have her set the Basilisk on the Muggleborns. Ginny had realised that the diary was not what it seemed and tried to dispose of it in Myrtle's bathroom, but stole it back when she saw Harry with it, afraid that her crimes would be revealed. Riddle then forced Ginny to enter the Chamber, in order to lure Harry down there, and by possessing Ginny's soul, began to take physical form. Riddle reveals that his name, Tom Marvolo Riddle, is an anagram for I am Lord Voldemort.
Riddle then summons the Basilisk and orders it to attack Harry. Just when it seems Harry will be killed, Fawkes, Dumbledore's pet phoenix, appears and blinds the Basilisk. Fawkes carries the Sorting Hat, from which Harry draws a sword and kills the Basilisk, but one of its fangs pierces Harry's arm. Harry is saved by Fawkes's healing tears. Harry then stabs the diary with a Basilisk fang, defeating Riddle and saving Ginny. The two return with Ron and Lockhart to the school, where Ginny is reunited with her parents, and Harry and Ron are commended by Dumbledore. In the aftermath, Harry accuses the school governor, Lucius Malfoy (Draco's father), of putting the journal in Ginny's cauldron and later tricks him into freeing Dobby. After that, Lucius is sacked, the final exams are cancelled, and Lockhart resigns as professor to get his memory back. After that, Harry and the rest go back to the muggle world.

Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban begins with Harry back at the Dursleys, where he sees on Muggle television that a prisoner named 'Black' has escaped. Harry involuntary inflates Aunt Marge when she comes to visit. This leads to his running away and getting picked up by the Knight Bus. He travels to Diagon Alley, where he meets Cornelius Fudge, the Minister for Magic, who asks Harry to stay in Diagon Alley for the remaining two weeks before the start of the school year at Hogwarts.
The night before he is to leave for Hogwarts, Harry learns that the escaped prisoner, Sirius Black, is a convicted murderer, and it is believed that he wants to kill Harry. On the way to Hogwarts, a Dementor boards the train, causing Harry to faint, but he is helped by the new Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher, Professor Lupin. Harry, Ron, and Hermione learn that the Dementors will be patrolling the school in an attempt to protect Harry from Black. At Hogwarts, Harry has several problems with the Dementors, including an episode at a Quidditch match, during which he faints and falls off his broomstick from around 50 feet in the air. His broom is smashed by the Whomping Willow. Working with Harry outside class, Lupin teaches him the Patronus Charm to repel Dementors.
On an illegal visit to the village of Hogsmeade (thanks to The Marauder's Map, given to him by Fred Weasley and George Weasley), Harry overhears some of his teachers talking with Fudge about Black, saying that Black was a friend of Harry's parents, but he betrayed them and gave Voldemort access to their house, and that he also killed thirteen Muggles and his former friend Peter Pettigrew. Ron and Hermione's friendship later suffers when Ron believes that Hermione's cat, Crookshanks, ate his rat, Scabbers. At Christmas, Harry receives a mysterious present, a late-model Firebolt broom. Fearing it might be cursed, Hermione reports the gift to Professor McGonagall, which leads to bad feelings between her and Ron and Harry.
Ron, Hermione, and Harry join the effort to save Hagrid's hippogriff, Buckbeak, from being executed for attacking Draco Malfoy, after Draco provoked him. Their efforts are unsuccessful, but Scabbers reappears shortly after they hear Buckbeak being executed. Ron chases Scabbers, only to be attacked by a big black dog, which Harry has seen three times before. The dog drags Ron through a tunnel under the Whomping Willow into the Shrieking Shack. Harry and Hermione follow, and there is a brief stand off when they find Ron and Sirius, who has transformed from the dog. Lupin enters, and they explain the situation to Harry and his friends: Lupin is a werewolf, which led to his friends James Potter, Sirius Black, and Peter Pettigrew becoming animagi. Lupin explains that Scabbers is actually Pettigrew in his animal form; he has been hiding from Black, whom he had framed for the murders of Harry's parents and the thirteen Muggles. Snape arrives to apprehend Black but Harry knocks him unconscious. Lupin and Black transform Pettigrew back into human form and prepare to kill him, but they are stopped by Harry, as he feels his father wouldn't have wanted it. As they move back toward Hogwarts, Lupin turns into a werewolf, because he failed to take the potion Snape gave him to prevent transforming. Pettigrew escapes again, but Black prevents Lupin, in his werewolf form, from attacking the others. Some Dementors approach, and the three lose consciousness.
When they wake up in the hospital, Harry, Ron, and Hermione are told that Black has been sentenced to receive the Dementor's kiss, which removes the soul of the recipient. Dumbledore advises Hermione and Harry to use Hermione's time-turner, a device she has been using to double-up on classes. This permits them to save Buckbeak, who carries Black away to safety. Harry then returns to the Dursleys' before the events of the next novel, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.

At the start of the book, Harry sees Frank Bryce being killed by Lord Voldemort in a vision, and is awoken by his scar hurting. The Weasleys then take Harry and Hermione Granger to the Quidditch World Cup, using a Portkey, to watch Ireland versus Bulgaria, with Ireland emerging victorious. This is where Harry first meets Cedric Diggory, who later becomes a close friend of Harry's. Afterwards, Voldemort's followers destroy tents, and the Dark Mark gets fired into the sky, which leads to panic: it is the first time the sign has been seen in 13 years. Winky, Barty Crouch Senior's house elf, is blamed for casting the Mark because she's found holding Harry's lost wand, which is revealed to have been used to cast the Mark.
At Hogwarts, the students are told that Alastor "Mad-Eye" Moody will be the Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher for one year, and Hogwarts will host the Triwizard Tournament, starting in October at the opening feast. However, Professor Dumbledore announces that only those over 17—the age of majority in the wizarding world—will be allowed to enter. At Halloween, the Goblet of Fire picks Fleur Delacour from Beauxbatons Academy; Viktor Krum (who is on Bulgaria's Quidditch team) from Durmstrang Institute; and Cedric Diggory from Hogwarts to compete in the tournament. However, after the goblet has given those three names, it additionally gives Harry's name, leading to suspicion and indignation from everyone, but Harry is magically bound to compete. Ron feels jealous that Harry is once again in the limelight, and refuses to speak to Harry, until after the first task.
The first of three tasks is to retrieve a golden egg, which will give a hint to the next task, from underneath a dragon mother, as Hagrid reveals to Harry. Since Fleur and Krum's professors inform them in advance, Harry lets Cedric know about the dragons as well. At the task, Harry has to pass a Hungarian Horntail, which he does by summoning his Firebolt broomstick, and finishes the task tied for first with Krum. Ron and Harry subsequently reconcile, Ron now understanding the full danger of the tournament. When Harry later opens the egg, it merely shrieks loudly.
Gossipy reporter Rita Skeeter is, at the same time, writing scathing comments about those at Hogwarts, with those written about including: Hermione, Harry, and Hagrid and Madame Maxime.
Harry then has to ask a partner to the Yule Ball. He wants to ask his crush Cho Chang, but Cedric beats him to it, so Harry and Ron ask Parvati and Padma Patil. Ron is shocked and jealous to see that Krum asked Hermione to the ball. Cedric gives Harry a tip on the egg, telling him to take it to the prefects' bathroom. Harry refuses to take it, jealous at Cedric for being with Cho.
Finally acting on the tip, Harry takes the egg to the prefects' bathroom, where Moaning Myrtle tells him to listen to the egg underwater; there the words are understandable. Harry, learning that the task is to recover something he will "sorely miss", starts looking for spells to help him breathe where the objects will be taken: underwater. However, by the morning of the task, Harry hasn't found a solution, but Dobby gives him some Gillyweed to give Harry gills. Harry completes the task, rescuing Ron from under the lake, and learns that he is now tied with Cedric.
A few days before the final task, Harry and Krum are talking when they see Mr Crouch in the bushes, who seems insane and tells him to get Dumbledore. Leaving Krum with Crouch, Harry fetches Dumbledore, but returns to find Krum Stunned and Crouch gone. Harry learns numerous spells for the final task, a maze with beasts inside, and, at the event, goes in with Cedric, as they are tied for first. When Harry and Cedric reach the cup, they agree that they have helped each other, so they should take the cup at the same time. However, it transpires that the cup is a Portkey, and Harry and Cedric go to a graveyard. Peter Pettigrew kills Cedric, and uses Harry's blood (along with Tom Riddle Sr.'s bone and his own hand) to resurrect Lord Voldemort. Voldemort summons his Death Eaters, berating them for thinking he was dead; he reveals that he has had a single 'faithful servant' concealed in Hogwarts the whole time, and then challenges Harry to a duel. However, when he and Harry fire curses at each other, their wands connect through their identical cores, expelling the spirits of Voldemort's last victims, including Harry's parents.
Harry escapes back to Hogwarts with the Portkey, taking Cedric's body with him. When he returns, Moody takes Harry to his office, and reveals that he is Voldemort's 'faithful servant'; he was the one who put Harry's name into the Goblet of Fire, and has been guiding him through the tournament from behind the scenes to ensure that he would grab the Portkey first. Before Moody can kill Harry, Dumbledore, McGonagall and Snape intervene. They learn that Moody is in fact Barty Crouch Junior, Mr Crouch's son, disguised by Pollyjuice Potion. Crouch had sentenced Crouch Jr to life imprisonment in Azkaban over alleged ties to the Death Eaters, but had smuggled him out with Winky as a last favour to his dying wife. Crouch Jr was the one who set off the Dark Mark at the Quidditch World Cup, doing it to scare the Death Eaters he felt had abandoned Voldemort. Eventually, Voldemort had gotten in contact with Crouch Jr, and had him impersonate Moody as part of his plan. Crouch Jr also admits to killing Crouch Sr., to prevent him telling Dumbledore about Voldemort.
Only a limited amount of people believe Harry and Dumbledore about Voldemort's return, and many, including Fudge, disbelieve him. Crouch Jr. is unable to give testimony because Fudge authorized the Dementor's Kiss to be performed on him. Hermione discovers Rita Skeeter is an unregistered Animagus, allowing her to blackmail her for her earlier libel. Harry returns home with the Dursleys, having given Fred and George Weasley his winnings to found a joke shop.