Your clones are very impressive. You must be very proud.
I look forward to seeing them in action.
Why do I get the feeling you're going to be the death of me?
Then why don't you listen to me?
Can you see him?
In that case be extra careful. Go and find her.
For a drink.
You don't want to sell me death sticks.
You want to go home and rethink your life.
Anakin, may the force be with you.
You have made a commitment to the Jedi order, a commitment not easily broken.
Anakin, how many times have I told you to stay away from the power couplings.
Where are you going? He went that way!
Well, you've lost him!
Patience. Use the force. Think.
But he still has much to learn, Master. His abilities have made him... well arrogant.
Anakin, don't do anything without consulting either myself or the Council.
You haven't learned anything, Anakin.
Do you know who it was you were trying to kill?
And who hired you?
I was beginning to wonder if you'd got my message.
[looks at his handcuffed hands] Good job.
Why do I get the feeling you're going to be the death of me?
Then why don't you listen to me?
I have to admit that without the clones, it would have not been a victory.
Just relax, concentrate.
She seems to be on top of things.
Blast. This is why I hate flying.
You know I don't like it when you do that.
I don't mind flying, but what you're doing is suicide.
We'll take him together. You go in slowly on the left...
No Anakin, NO!
I hate it when he does that.
Be mindful of your thoughts Anakin. They'll betray you.
What took you so long?
There he is.
If you spent as much time practicing your saber techniques as you did your wit, you'd rival Master Yoda as a swordsman.
Only in your mind, my very young apprentice.
I'm tracking a bounty hunter named Jango Fett. Do you know him?
Oh, not good.
They are using a bounty hunter named Jango Fett to create a clone army.
I don't think so.
Well, who can blame them?
You're sweating.
I will never join you.
No, that's not possible. The Jedi would sense it.
I don't believe you.
I will never join you, Dooku.
Well that's Anakin's tracking signal, all right. But it's coming from Tatooine. What the blazes is he doing there? I told him to stay on Naboo.
Anakin! Don't let your personal feelings get in the way!
Follow that speeder.
I can't take Dooku alone! I need you! If we catch him, we can end this war right now! We have a job to do!
You will be expelled from the Jedi order!
COME TO YOUR SENSES! What do you think Padme would do were she in your position?
And don't forget, she's a politician, and they're *not* to be trusted.
These Kaminos, are they friendly?
Depends on what Dex?
I hope he doesn't try anything foolish.
I wonder why it didn't show up in the analysis archives.
Well if droids could think, there'd be none of us here, would there?
[returning Anakin's lightsaber] This weapon is your life.
Do you believe what Dooku said about this 'Darth Sidious' controlling the senate? It doesn't feel right.
You look tired.
Because of your mother?
...Dreams pass in time.
It's a great pleasure to see you again, milady.
Ever make your way as far into the interior as Coruscant?
Recently?
Captain Typho has more than enough men downstairs. No assassin will try that way. Any activity up here?
What's going on?
What is she thinking?
It's not an intruder I'm worried about. There are many other ways to kill a Senator.
You're using her as bait?
It's too risky... besides, your senses aren't that attuned, young apprentice.
Possibly.
You look tired.
Because of your mother?
Dreams pass in time.
Be mindful of your thoughts, Anakin, they betray you. You've made a commitment to the Jedi Order... a commitment not easily broken... and don't forget she's a politician. They're not to be trusted.
It's been my experience that Senators are only focused on pleasing those who fund their campaigns... and they are more than willing to forget the niceties of democracy to get those funds.
Palpatine's a politician. I've observed that he is very clever at following the passions and prejudices of the Senators.
I sense it, too.
Goodbye old friend. May the force be with you.
[after finding the young dead Jedi's in the temple] Who? Who could have done this?
[referring to Anakin] When is the last time you saw him?
Do you know where he is now?
Padmé, I need your help. He is in grave danger.
From himself. Padmé, Anakin has turned to the Dark Side.
I have seen a security hologram... of him... killing Younglings.
He was decieved by a lie... we all were. It appears that the Chancellor is behind everything, including the war! After the death of Count Dooku, Anakin became his new apprentice.
Padmé, I must find him.
He has become a very great threat.
[He gets off of the couch, walking towards his ship] Anakin is the father, isn't he?
[Padmé doesn't know what to say] I'm so sorry.
[crashing towards the hangar] Oh, I have a bad feeling about this.
Not to worry. We're still flying half a ship.
Wait a minute. How did this happen? We're smarter than this.
Patience?
The Chancellor is behind everything, including the war. Palpatine is the Sith Lord we've been searching for.
Very well. The burden is on me not to destroy all the droids before you get there.
You have allowed this dark lord to twist your mind, until now, until now you've become the very thing you swore to destroy.
Your new Empire?
Anakin, my allegiance is to the Republic, to democracy.
[realizing that Anakin is consumed by evil and there's no reasoning with him anymore] Only a Sith deals in absolutes.
I will do what I must.
You have done that yourself.
Your anger and lust for power have already done that.
Well, R2 has been...
Did I say anything?
I didn't say anything.
Did I miss something?
[jumps down to Grievous] Hello, there.
Wait, Master. There is something I must know.
I must know the truth, Master.
It can't be... It can't be...
[switches off the hologram] I can't watch any more.
But it's what you wanted. Your friendship with Chancellor Palpatine seems to have paid off. Anakin, I am on your side. I did not want to put you in this situation
The Council wants you to report on all the Chancellor's dealings.
We are at war, Anakin.
Now, let's get a move on. We've got a battle to win here.
Unfortunately, the war.
With your kind permission, I should like some fuel and to use your city as a base as I search nearby systems for General Grievous.
I understand.
Tell your people to take shelter. If you have warriors, now is the time.
[after Anakin crash-lands The Invisible Hand onto a landing platform] Another happy landing.
Flying is for droids.
I sense a trap.
[smiling] Spring the trap.
[General Grievous' ship is about to crash land] Can you fly a cruiser like this?
We have a job to do, Anakin. Try not to upset him.
You were the chosen one! It was said that you would destroy the Sith, not join them. You were to bring balance to the force, not leave it in darkness.
You were my brother, Anakin. I loved you.
Not even the younglings survived.
Always on the move.
She's dying?
I have failed you, Anakin. I have failed you.
Anakin, Chancellor Palpatine is evil! The Sith are evil. The Dark Side of the Force is an evil presense.
Well, then you really are lost!
Anakin did not take to his new assignment with much enthusiasm.
With all due respect, Master, is he not the Chosen One? Is he not to destroy the Sith and bring balance to the Force?
He will not let me down. He never has.
Oh, I see it. Oh, this is going to be easy.
Oh, I don't think so.
Anakin, let's be fair. Today you were the hero and you deserve your glorious day with the politicians.
*Ninth* time. That business on Cato Neimodia doesn't- doesn't count.
[throws the gun away] Uh! So uncivilized.
Oh, I agree. Though it could turn out to just be a wild bantha chase.
It's over Anakin, I have the high ground.
Don't try it.
Odd Ball, do you copy?
Mark your squad up behind me.
Hello there!
[intervening] This little one's not worth the effort. Come, let me get you something.
I have something here for you. Your father wanted you to have this when you were old enough, but your uncle wouldn't allow it. He feared you might follow old Obi-Wan on some damn fool idealistic crusade like your father did.
Your father's light saber. This is the weapon of a Jedi Knight. Not as clumsy or random as a blaster; an elegant weapon for a more civilized age. For over a thousand generations, the Jedi Knights were the guardians of peace and justice in the Old Republic. Before the dark times... before the Empire.
There was nothing you could have done, Luke, had you been there. You'd have been killed too, and the droids would now be in the hands of the Empire.
[as Luke wakes up after being knocked out by Tuskan Raiders] Rest easy, son. You've had a busy day. You're fortunate to be all in one piece.
The Jundland Wastes are not to be traveled lightly. Tell me, young Luke, what brings you out this far?
[thoughtfully] Obi-Wan Kenobi. Obi-Wan... Now, that's a name I've not heard in a long time. A long time.
Oh, he's not dead... Not yet.
But of course I know him. He's me.
I haven't gone by the name of Obi-Wan since... oh, before you were born.
Only a master of evil, Darth.
That's no moon. It's a space station.
[to Luke] You must learn the ways of the Force, if you're to come with me to Alderaan.
I need your help, Luke. She needs your help. I'm getting too old for this sort of thing.
That's your uncle talking.
The Force is what gives a Jedi his power. It's an energy field created by all living things. It surrounds us and penetrates us. It binds the galaxy together.
For over a thousand generations, the Jedi knights were the guardians of peace and justice in the old Republic... before the dark times... before the empire.
[to R2-D2] Hello there.
Come here, my little friend. Don't be afraid.
Oh don't worry, he'll be alright.
A young Jedi named Darth Vader, who was a pupil of mine until he turned to evil, helped the Empire hunt down and destroy the Jedi knights. He betrayed and murdered your father. Now the Jedi are all but extinct. Vader was seduced by the dark side of the Force.
Mos Eisley spaceport
The Force can have a strong influence on the weak-minded.
Yes indeed, if it's a fast ship.
Should I have?
Only passengers. Myself, the boy, two droids... and no questions asked.
Let's just say we'd like to avoid any Imperial entanglements.
Leave that to me.
Who's the more foolish? The fool, or the fool who follows him?
You can't win, Darth. If you strike me down, I shall become more powerful than you could possibly imagine.
The Force will be with you, always.
Use the Force, Luke.
In my experience, there's no such thing as luck.
[with a small wave of his hand] You don't need to see his identification.
These aren't the droids you're looking for.
He can go about his business.
Move along.
I felt a great disturbance in the Force, as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced. I fear something terrible has happened.
That's what your uncle told you. He didn't hold with your father's ideals; he felt he should've stayed here and not gotten involved.
Yes. I was once a Jedi knight, the same as your father.
He was the best star pilot in the galaxy, and a cunning warrior. I understand that you've become quite a good pilot yourself.
And he was a good friend.
Your eyes can deceive you; don't trust them.
How long before you can make the jump to light speed?
[after hiding from the stormtroopers on the Millennium Falcon] Who's the more foolish, the fool or the fool who follows him?
You were banished because you were clumsy?
But Master Yoda says I should be mindful of the future.
If they find us, they will crush us, grind us into TINY pieces and BLAST us into oblivion!
Do not defy the council, Master, not again.
I have a bad feeling about this.
It's not about the mission, Master. It's something... elsewhere. Elusive.
The council has granted me permission to train you. You will be a Jedi, I promise.
Why do I get the feeling that we've picked up another pathetic life form?
The boy is dangerous. They all sense it, why can't you?
You were right about one thing, master. The negotiations were short.
Once those droids take control of the surface, they will take control of you.
We haven't much time.
No!
Yes, master.
Why were you banished Jar-Jar?
You were banished because you were clumsy?
Well, lets make sure we don't have to take Geonosis a third time.
I've heard stories of a Geonosian hyve mind so powerful, so strong, that it can maintain it's connection with it's warriors even after they have died.
Already dead, yes.
The air is warmer here. We must be getting close.
Keep your voice down.
It must be... the Queen.
Must you always rush into things?
As a matter of fact, I do.
Because I make observations while you think with your lightsaber.
That is so reasuring.
Yes well, I took a lesson from Anakin and decided not to follow orders.
Majesty, destroying us shall only make the Republic's judgement of you harsher.
Come now, the nose or the ear, which one do you think it will enter?
[Anakin crushes one of the Queen's brain worms with his foot] What are you doing? I was going to study that!
Four lightsabers? You'll need them, Grevious.
[about Grevious' guards] You're just a battle droid with an ego malfunction.
Fancy armor is no match for skill.
[jumps to upper level to avoid droid cannon] This should take care of those cannons.
[cannon elevates to upper level] ... or not.
[three more buzz droids join it] By all means Anakin, help yourself.
[to the Magnaguards] Let's see what you can do with that Staff!
I only wanted what was best for you, Anakin. I wasn't prepared to train someone like you!
Perhaps I did fail you, but I won't abandon you to the dark side!
[to Anakin] I should have left you on Tatooine.
[to Darth Vader] You are a mess!
[to Darth Vader] You are an abomination to the Living Force!
Your Highness is too kind.
Do you always carry a deactivator?
Now you sound like a Jedi.
Just like that swarm of venom-mites on Draboon, remember?
Begging your pardon, Duchess, I distinctly remember carrying you to safety.
Oh.
Ah! Dessert, excellent.
This morsel may prove too much even for the legendary appetite of Orn Free Taa.
I don't see how that has any bearing on the situation at hand!
Right... Anakin, no! She's not my girlfr...
Satine, this is hardly the time or place for...
Alright. Had you said the word, I would have left the Jedi order.
Anakin...
Why? What's wrong with it?
Yes, remarkable...
Oh well, just another boring day saving the universe.
Patience, Anakin. There's more than one way to skin a womp rat
It looks like a graveyard... of ships.
Very impressive. You've just destroyed seventeen defenseless Battle droids without suffering a scratch.
I have a bad feeling about this.
Cursed by whom, my twitchy friend?
[quickly interrupting] Superstition?
That's one word for it.
A great leap forward often requires taking two steps back.
Satine has been at odds with the Death Watch for years. And according to a report from Padawan Tano, they're no longer in league with the Separatists. If there was a takeover on Mandalore, it was most likely an independent act caused by the Death Watch alone.
We cannot just hand Mandalore over to these crime families and let Satine become a martyr.
You know what the Senate will decide. They will not send aid to a neutral system.
[reveals himself] I do my own bidding.
Yes, the Jedi Council and Galactic Senate will be of no help to us here.
As always, my dear.
Who's your sister?
Sorry, I don't believe we've met. You are?
Sounds good to me.
No, but in this case I'm a fast learner.
You have no idea.
That would likely lead to an invasion of Mandalore!
...You're Satine's sister, aren't you? I'm so sorry...
You can kill me, but you will never destroy me. It takes strength to resist the dark side. Only the weak embrace it.
And those who oppose it are more powerful than you'll ever be. I know where you're from, I've been to your village. I know the decision to join the dark side wasn't yours. The Nightsisters made it for you.
After all these years, you're even more beautiful than ever.
I'd be disappointed if you weren't.
Well it certainly took you long enough!
Well, you certainly haven't changed much.
We'll have to stand and fight. Or in your case, just stand.
How so?
Yes, well, mine was the more daring of the two rescues.
Satine...
And what was that?
Did she now? Well, we were unfortunately separated. We'd like our ship back, if you don't mind.
What do you know of such things?
You are Sith!
Master Qui-Gon? How are you here?
I- I don't understand. What is this place?
Are we in danger?
You were right. The Force within him is stronger than any known Jedi. I've trained him as well as I've could, but... he's still willful and balance eludes him.
And if not?
[charming] Hello...
And what exactly are you?
Anakin, the planet is the Force. Use it.
Hello.
Did you bring us here?
[arriving on Orto Plutonia in the middle of a snow storm] And this is the planet's tropical zone.
Whatever it was, it's a good warrior.
Patience. Maybe they're smarter than we are.
Just shut up.
We've arranged a meeting between their high council and you, and the senator. They want peace.
Well done, senator.
Now that you have created peace between your people and the Talz, remember one crucial thing...
Make it last, senator. Make it last.
Commander Cody.
But we've been here a month already!
What an incredible smell you've discovered.
So, I assume the plan is to crawl through the sewer, work our way our way to the shield generator, fight our way through the defenses, blow up the generator, knocking out the shield and all our troops swarm in and overwhelm the enemy?
There are alternatives to fighting.
I've got a bad feeling about this.
That's your plan? Just fly there, land, hope they don't spot us and walk in the door?
Oh. Brilliant. Let's get going.
If they spot us, we'll be pulverized.
Subtlety has never been one of your strong points, Anakin.
Oh, if only that were true.
Anakin, you're crazy. Spinning is not flying.
Nice shot, senator.
Anything's possible. You haven't exactly impressed me today.
When you're a Jedi Master, you can make the plan.
At least you're a master... at getting caught.
[Obi-Wan's lightsaber has short-circuited] Silly thing. It was just working a minute ago...
It's a wonder you don't get along with them, Dooku. You have so much in common.
Get what?
Maybe there's a lesson to be learned here.
It's to remind us to be humble and never too proud to accept a gift when it comes our way.
I know this will generate debate, but I suggest that in this time of war, we forego the trials and promote my padawan Anakin to Jedi Knight.
[by Hologram] Young one, the council requires your presence, immediately.
Scolding? You're not a little boy any more. But as long as you're my student, you will heed my wisdom.
And now we must leave our roles as master and student. It is time we became...brothers.
[after a crash landing] I didn't think you saw it.
Anakin... always on the move.
I must talk to him.
But your brother is losing himself to the Dark side. He's taken our friend.
Same reason he had for attempting to murder your father?
I... I don't understand.
[using the Force] Where is the bounty hunter?
[pulls the blaster towards him with the Force] Jedi do not carry blasters
Tell him this is not Republic business. It's an internal Jedi affair
[puts his arm on Anakin's shoulder] Well then, I guess you just volunteered to go. Give the Chancellor my regards.
You certainly stepped in it this time!
The important thing is that the children are safe and we've recovered the Holocron.
You'll have to do better than that, my darling.
'Tis a a rare honor to be able to meet one's opponent face to face. You're a legend throughout the Inner core.
Let's just hope Anakin is ready for this responsibility.
Anakin leaves quite a mess, which always leads me to you, Ventress.
Most impressive.
We have to get out of here before the Republic arrives with the ransom.
I suppose you're right.
We have no quarrel with you and we seek no revenge.
Oh, Captain, you will find that Count Dooku does not share our sense of honor... and he knows where you live.
That's nothing out of the ordinary. Especially since I gave him a direct order not to.
[via hologram] Anakin, I've got enough problems without you becoming one of them.
[via hologram] Mostly cruiser to cruiser. Nothing as small as your ship.
Yes, I shall be waiting for you when you finally arrive.
Oh, you didn't miss much. Last time, I was chained to a pole and attacked by several humongous monsters.
It was, for the Geonosians.
That is a gift Anakin rarely bestows, I assure you.
How did you get over here?
Ventress. And here I thought this mission would be unpleasant.
Give up, Ventress.
That depends on your point of view, General.
[while fighting a IG-100 Magna Guard] I hear a lot of talking, General, but in the final accounting, what does all the talk get you? A futile quest for power? A mutilated body? And your place as Dooku's errand boy!
[Obi-Wan finished off the Magna Guard with two swift strokes and picks up it's electro staff] An army with no loyalty, no spirit. Just programming. What have you to show for all your power, what have you to gain?
You're welcome, Master Koth.
Almost certainly not!
We crashed the ship your way.
It's about the only thing.
If it wouldn't be any inconvenience.
NOOOOOO!
Where is the main hangar?
I must find away to cut the door's power.
I MUST find the queen, she's in grave danger.
The bridge is gone.
The Force is strong with me. I must brave the garden.
Who is that?
Patience. They'll be here in a moment. You seem a bit on edge.
I'm better at hiding it.
A great leap forward often requires taking two steps back.
I'm not sure I've made your acquaintance.
...It is you.
That may be so, but I've defeated you before, and I can defeat you again!
Ventress?
When did you become the good guy?
Ah, what a lovely sight to wake up to.
We're outmatched.
I learned from watching you.
Rushing in like this, it's... it's foolhardy.
You should turn yourself in. We have both sworn a loyalty to the Republic.
Things are changing. And sometimes the line between friend and foe is blurred. Now more than ever.
I think I'd like to go for a swim.
[in submarine, pressing his comlink] Nothing as of yet.
Devine 'easy', General.
I don't know much of Mother Talzin. I don't expect to be welcome here.
Too popular.
This is not the work of a Sith Lord or a Jedi, but a reckless, impulsive animal.
Master Yoda, you called for me?
Darth Maul alive? It can't be... I killed him myself.
Dathomir? The planet of the witches? I was under the impression that Darth Maul's home world was Iridonia.
Yes, Master Barrek?
I find the Sith's interest in you most troublesome.
We must be cautious.
Voss! Somebody lives here.
A thousand pardons, madam, he hasn't mastered the concept of knocking. For that I apologise.
[Kenobi and Voss are hanging of the side of a cliff by their fingertips] I never did enjoy hanging out with you.
We need to remember why we're here. We came to aid the Twi'leks, not destroy their home. Cody?
'Nerra'. It means 'brother'.
No. I'm right back where we started.
[comlink beeps] Captain Rex, are you still with us?
That's great news. We certainly missed you at the party.
Can't wait to hear about it. We're standing by.
Following your teachings.
For now...
If this Cad Bane is still here on Coruscant, I'll find him.
[via hologram] You should listen to your Padawan.
[via hologram] Well, R2 units are a dime a dozen. I'm sure you'll find a suitable replacement.
Anakin, it's only a droid. You know attachment is not acceptable for a Jedi.
Well, let's try the bad news laced with a little optimism.
The way I see it, if we were not supposed to interfere, Ahsoka and I wouldn't be here in the first place.
Welcome... back.
I must say, you're not at all what I pictured. Someone with such a soft voice...
[via hologram] I'm afraid we've had a situation with the shuttle.
Unfortunately war tends to distort our point of view. If we sacrifice our code, even for victory, we may lose that which is most important
Luke, use the Force.
Use - use the Force.
I've never been happy.
Boy did I bet on the wrong horse.
Is that the best you've got? I'm hardly breaking a sweat.
[voice over] You must follow the wind, for it is the mother's cry. Travel her tears, they are frozen with fear. Enter the mother's mouth to awaken her new flame.
Boyfriend trouble.
Well, take your short cut and I'll take the long way. But you'd better be there before I arrive.
[from out of sight] Yoda and I will always be with you.
Your father... was seduced by the Dark Side of the Force. He ceased to be Anakin Skywalker and "became" Darth Vader. When that happened, the good man who was your father was destroyed. So what I told you was true... from a certain point of view.
Luke, you're going to find that many of the truths we cling to depend greatly on our own point of view. Anakin was a good friend. When I first met him, your father was already a great pilot. But I was amazed how strongly the Force was with him. I took it upon myself to train him as a Jedi. I thought that I could instruct him just as well as Yoda. I was wrong.
He's more machine now than man. His mind is twisted and evil.
You cannot escape your destiny. You must face Darth Vader again.
Then the Emperor has already won. You were our only hope.
The other he spoke of is your twin sister.
Hmm. To protect you both from the Emperor, you were hidden from your father when you were born. The Emperor knew, as I did, if Anakin were to have any offspring, they would be a threat to him. That is the reason why your sister remained safely anonymous.
Your insight serves you well. Bury your feelings deep down, Luke. They do you credit, but they could be made to serve the Emperor.
[via hologram] The Seperatists are being unusually tidy. They don't want any witnesses.
I must have Carbon sickness, because I could swear that's Ahsoka.
Anakin, have faith in your Padawan.
Like you always do?
Sometimes I don't think you realize how alike you two have become.
Anakin, though you've never had the official trials, this war has tested you more than the trials could. Save one. Master Yoda foresaw this. The force has guided us here for your final trial. The one you've never truly faced.
No Anakin, don't fail yourself.
Still here, Anakin. When was the last time you've slept?
Ventress, you're not looking well.
[via hologram] You are a more experienced diplomat than the representative from Naboo who is already there.
[interrupting] Senator Amidala could not leave the senate. Representative Binks accompanied the shipment.
It appears to be one of Anakin's improvised plans.
Not to worry, just catch them when they fall.
Naboo.
Anakin, the most difficult trial a Jedi must face is to look inside oneself. Often we see things we don't like. But these aspects are not set in stone. It is our decisions that shape our destinies.
Oh Jesus, aren't you Darth Vader yet?
ARC troopers, you have been selected for this task because you are the best, the elite, you all know what to do. The success of your mission is our key to a swift victory. When you get into position, send word as planned. Then I will join you.
I'm fine, seems that I have created quite the mess now, haven't I?
